0	Also have Yankees on too. Go #Yankees!!
0	designing websites is hard...I don't think I could ever make it my profession. I don't think I'm very good at it either...
0	Also have Yankees on too. Go #Yankees!!
0	designing websites is hard...I don't think I could ever make it my profession. I don't think I'm very good at it either...
0	Enjoying a few cold one across from Minute Maid. First game with  the roof open.
0	@DEELISHISFOL2 DEELISHIS!!!!!!!!!! your awesome!
0	That was a pretty darn good movie...would reccomend to anyone who likes a good action flick!
0	@michelle_j70 omg how loud is either mum or dad snoring? lol
0	Wondering how old u have to be to bitch that ur falling apart! I say 24. My shit hurts, so its the couch and Championship for my old ass.
0	is about to go to work!
0	is excited for Viva :)
0	have i mentioned manual testing sucks big time
0	@danielhcwong dude, what guitar did u get?
0	arghhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!it was almost done loading my new pix and then the stupid whale came :(
0	It's sad when an 18 point deficit is 'better'
0	@grantimahara nope followers is correct. Tweets are the messages you send on twitter. And tweeps...I don't even know what that is.
0	Finally going to bed, goodnight
0	watching home improvement then going to bed...
0	Sometimes I wonder if my cravings for food when I'm not hungry are diabetes or just bad habits... Today was day 1 of my katilette diet.
0	Full day of snowboarding and my body still thinks it's on the east coast. Ugh
0	Lookiinggg The sisterhood and the traveling pants 2 hahhaha i lovedd
0	Got everything that I needed to get done tonight done! Woohoo.
0	Bed time for me! I hope I wake up in time for Starbucks
0	Tired, but I still have to go to school today. :&lt; Life's not fair. xD Oh well, three days until the holidays! Excited!
0	Excited about the new album!!! It's almost here!!!
0	I miss my girl allot!! Cant c her cant talk to her or anything till tomorrow :(
0	i give up for now, going to bed
0	goin to sleep
0	i like being on the back end of time zones.
0	I'm off to catch the bus...it's really lonely traveling on your own :s
0	Goodnight, Internet.
0	@Splont you speaks the truth about the iFilth !
0	once again drunk with the boys
0	@chaddeus I haven't been there in forever and it's just down the street from me hahaha
0	Doing nothing till Monday. Working at the Wally tonight.
0	At home and I can't wait for the Papa Roach Concert on May 13th!!!
0	http://kyle-noon.mybrute.com/dojo http://plurk.com/p/oqwq7
0	My computer seems to be having a go slow day!
0	website coming soon! STOKED.
0	@Mattyluv heyyy how are you?
0	about to go riding around on my bike. its all pretty and blue.
0	I'm extremely hungry and I have to sit thru long boring speeches at my sis convo.
0	Thinking it's rather noisy in the broom cupboard at easy hotel!!! Can't get back to sleep :(
0	Gonna steal all your clients, and kill them in front of you.
0	tasting information
0	Listen world. Stop offering me free alcohol. Cause most likely I'll take it. Fuck I have to work at 8am tomorrow. I'm not gonna do so well.
0	wants you to dance like no one's watching... because he probably is and needs a chuckle.
0	Tired. MaryAnn needs to answer so we can go to ihop
0	How are the neighbors NOT complainging about noise right now?!?!????!
0	got my #javaone badge.. the place is filled with exciting developers.
0	I am so tired we are all going to bed now goodnight tweets!
0	Show Choir Time. Choreographing Let's Bring the House Down and Go the Distance. X( I'm gonna be SO sleepy!
4	wheres my fucking money rudd
4	Good Morning All :-)
4	Laptop Fridays.... Ah... Love the Team Time
0	@morgana2711 Iain and I are headin' out.  No more Babelfish torture. Away from Twitter, folks - go off and do instead of said you did!
0	nomnomnomnomnom *munches pancakes*
0	@supercw i stay home already.  sory i missed phoenix electro rap guys-- i was working w/ mc hammer and then spinning @ 39
4	I still think Google Wave will be fab for remote workers and loved by type As everywhere despite @fastcompany article http://bit.ly/YYo2b
4	I AM THE HAPPIEST PERSON ALIVE RIGHT NOW. I GOT INTO JOSH CHENARD'S CHEKHOV CLASS!!!!
4	back from char-town... date night on the road, gotta love it! Pool tomorrow with the kiddies, night night
4	It's Saturday... drinking outside on the patio! :)
0	@renaeb is that gay code?
4	But considering Obama's the one inciting all this class-warfare and hatred, lately... it's a bit funny...  #tlot #econ
0	going to practice,then game at 12! (:
0	Time to get all lined up before I come home. Gotsta look good.
0	time for breakfast, but where. . . suggestions?
0	Finding heaps of theatre-related peeps 2 follow = spending far too much time on Twitter. Will I ever get any work done now?
4	@anniecyang you can so totally do it! :) go go girl!
0	Fridays are not pants optional days
4	Yay, tax filed online. Not as bad as I thought since I don't have many income sources nor deductions. Getting a small refund.
0	Just because you can do some graphical design, doesn't make you a graphic designer. I'm proof of that! http://v15.cedarhill.co.uk/
0	Feeling sick :(
4	RT @kevinpalmer How to become a social media expert (besides self proclamation) http://snurl.com/fcaih
0	V. glad to have Jelly home from the vet and apparently feeling fine. He's busy now rubbing all his favorite furniture up. Sofa! I'm home!
0	Weather's freaking hot! Monday blues.. Less than two weeks more to somebody's ord! :)
0	it's funny as kid you can't stand certain things...and now all grown up you look foward to them.. i.e. going to home depot or going fishing
0	Came to a conclusion today and thinks she mite actually stick to it! :D
4	@QuelynnInc Thanks for the #FF!
0	RT @joelabell Work hard at resting!
0	En route to DC
4	@Tottie well, if that's what you think you have to work on that self confidence! FYI: your 'smoke&mirror' does not come through at all! :)
4	need to work on blog templates... might need to hack that CSS into shape on the couch though.
0	yay, parking detail and no sunblock. AND I decided to take my acne meds today KNOWING I was on detail... *duh* I will have horrible sunburn.
0	@DC Courthouse.  What a depressing place.
0	In the Vette, driving to Dallas to pay respects to the King :D
0	@fertilitychick After failed FET in Feb I took a cycle off 2 begin acu & yoga B4 recent IVF. It may have helped. Praying it isn't fleeting
0	is hoping that her week from hell ends with a good weekend...
0	Is....surprised that twitter is such a big deal, actually...
4	why can't laundry wash/dry/put itself away?? is that too much to ask for? i think not!
4	Shop till i dropped or ran out of dollar i should say! Now to pub for a relax :) gotta love it !
0	velvet hammer soy latte & 4 more thesis edits. what more could you want on a drippy saturday?
0	RT @BillBoorman: @FoxwellRec am i doing ok? louder, louder, louder lol I can hear you fine! Doing very well
4	Sleep now...even though I'm not that sleepy yet. Work earlyyyy!
4	@vcluxe go out? hahah!
4	is dragging her feet today.
4	Getting ready for my ISCW exam in less than 5 hours.
0	Ugh i need a vacation SOON! HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMY!
0	My Daily Twittascope - http://bit.ly/Gr4vU
4	Listening to fall out boy Golden
0	I'd be fine playing Team Fortress 2 tonight if it weren't for those matches with 'mods' turned on. I don't want 'em, thanks.
0	@luvyoganamaste True! Great night for Red Wing hockey :)
0	Just wanted to let everyone know, Mr. P's comments are working now.
0	Puh-Puh-Puh-PROM
0	Going to a volleyball game @ 10, then IDK. :)
0	Just finished working at 2:00 am :-(
4	can't believe it sold out :( sooo pissed off!
4	Just watched a marathon of action films.  Off to bed now - birthday tomorrow. 29.
4	@mileycyrus Haha. Starbucks &lt;3 . Love you so muuuch Miley &lt;3
4	@PhilSoper wow! That's incredible!
0	So beautiful out :)
0	Hey #Strawbezzi wats good  (Strawbezzi live &gt; http://ustre.am/13PQ)
0	video uploaded :D check it out http://bit.ly/ftIV5
4	@mike_miley I have to put a little thought into it, but I think it could be killer, especially for schools without a lot of IT resources.
4	RT @Standing_Stones Video: Gors Fawr & the Preseli Hills - source of the 'Stonehenge Bluestones' http://bit.ly/NWZxL #pembrokeshire
4	Excited!!! it's confirmed I'll be at the LIVE 105 BFD '09 to see @MUTEMATH in SanFran (mountain view) with Chad. Anyone able to join us?
4	Beachy!
4	@sl0wburn  - LOL
0	is so confused about Twitter! HELP!!!!
0	@danecook Can you do something about the music they are playing before your set? It is kinda shitty... Just sayin'
4	Home stretch for J1. Done recording podcasts for announcements. One of most important ones: http://tinyurl.com/qqs9a5  Rest are secret. :-)
0	listening to Hurricane. I love Bob Dylan!
0	ahh my god i dont know how to use twitter properly so i cant find people i know!!!!!
4	Leicester will be playing Newcastle then next season, 6 easy points unless they improve a lot. Told you not to worry @hasbean ;)
0	bouts to go to a festival :) i hope there cute cuys there lol haa like i will ever get hollerd at lmaooo
0	Good night friends!  I'm off to bed :)
0	There's something about 20somes in suits and button ups that makes me feel like a psychic - My feet hurt, but I'm going to the top baby!
4	Must....have....caffeine...
4	Debating actually getting out of bed
4	have updated @bluapp on both puters which run it
0	one tells me he wants me the other already has me the more the one tells me he wants me the more i want him. les i wnt the 1 who has me :(
4	Learning about the five stages of grief: I think 1 parent is at anger (stage 2), and the other one just went straight for depression(4). :-/
0	@Imaged Ahahahhaa
4	ps....guncle is my great uncle :)
0	Oh boy. I checkmarked a lot of people, as far as their updates getting sent to me. I have a feeling i will wake up to 20 new texts. Woops.
4	It's raining :)
0	The mini bar: http://twitpic.com/3jumv
0	laying with anissa!
0	some people in the world smell just plain ol' terrible.
4	I want that bird from the pet store who I met with @annastarship
4	@deandichoso Ummmm... when is your brother coming out for all of us to meet!?!
0	going to sleep. i start volunteering at Miami Children's tomorrow! yay!
4	bring me some sunshine please
0	@TikiBooKids ... it is very cute, but I'm not sure where they get it from - I grew up a real tomboy, and am not very girly girl at all ;-)
4	Has the best friends in the world.
4	Back to work ..... just got speeding fine in mail :(
0	REALLY!!! badly want 2 go shop at buckle!
4	once again, i have nothing to do today, im contemplating whether or no to take bowie for a walk? but the weather is quite shit!
0	Monday monday...last day of the long weekend...going to make the most of it and do as little as possible...CHILLAX...mmmm..perfect!!!
4	@CallMeKing *raises eyebrow*..................................*stiffles laughter*.................dude............wtf?!?!? LOL.
4	@ginoboi @monicafrancesca i like your music playlist today! very nice~  i guess these are my growing-up songs, thats why! haha :D
0	@psmorrison cause I'm working only afternoons until Wednesday so my schedule gets a little screwy
4	@ThomRainer Any luck getting Matt to settle down yet? (Matt's not-so-superstar IT friend)
0	Don't feel good :(
4	Just got home from obedience training with Pablo. Ahhh A/C!!
0	absolutellyyyy nufffinnnn & luvinnn it :D
0	I have Ryan on ignore. He is just too stupid to put up with. It's not even funny. It's sad.
4	I drank over midnight yesterday. Woooo....tired.
0	on my way to SPRING FORMAL!! with kim, angela, and annie!! :D :D :D
4	Finished 2 new tracks and 5 remixes this month! It's tiime to  catch a little  sun this weekend ;)
4	Off to sleep. Good night, everybody! :) Sweet dreams!
0	on a train with natalie, heading to double woy
4	@visaontheradio Bcuz In-N-Out Is Hella DOPE and Bomb Ha.
0	I am going to have to get up early to finish working on my presentation! so much still to do :(
4	Seems like every day lately, I have at least 1 Now why didn't I think of that earlier moments...
0	Toga. Toga. Toga. Toga. Togaaaaaa
0	found robbie on twitter :D
0	Watched Deliverance. So, who wants to go whitewater rafting on the Chatooga?
4	Powerwashing!
0	RT @robinpedrero:Friend  daughter in ICU @ University Hospital in Cincinnati...needs blood donations in name of Sarah Mosebach
0	SNL reruns with Justin Timberlake hosting = serious happiness!
4	Heading into harvard sq to see @nicco.  Scorpion bowl at Hong Kong, anyone? ;)
4	Checking out and blogging an interesting search engine - http://www.ujiko.com and http://sdpankhurst.wordpress.com/
0	That Cubs game was just terrible. I blame Marshall.
0	Two 10 page papers...... Gunna put this weekend to GREAT use
4	On the bus back to Alex's, after an afternoon of shopping. The man sat next to me smells of a mixture of sweat, and coconut. Not nice.
0	listening to some old school tunes now i've finally succombed to reinstating iTunes on my laptop...the Genius tool rocks!!
4	Street lights out, laptop dead, thunder gone, transformer blown. I guess I'll try to sleep now...
0	Revels in knowledge that exam failure is t-minus 47minutes away.
0	Let's go Redwings, Let's go!!! clap clap
0	just got home. (:
4	@fragthought you can't win a PTQ without being either too risky or too technical! I prefer risky :D
4	@Kdpartak Thanks! *big smile* I have the DAV covered but probably need more VOR!  Love it! Have a great day!
0	you whats better than amp or monster. Red bull cause it gives you wings ;)
0	i'm nowhere near the sleep that i need.
4	@LizzieBeAwesome 4 hours of tattoo, now going to a rock gig
4	@SUAREASY Alex, Happy Birthday!  I didn't know we shared one! haha. Hope it was a good one :)
0	Here we come santa cruz :)
4	First chi-day is over - it went by so fast #chi09
4	Rain rain go away come bak never!!!!!!!!
0	eeeh, husband sets the alarm on the stove to make sure the beer wouldn't implode/explode in the freezer...not sure about that method...
0	ARGH! WHAT THE HELL WAS THAzzzzzzzz z zzz
4	Google Waves are rich, server-to-server conversations that remind me a *lot* of AFHCAN telehealth. http://wave.google.com/
0	@birkirb let's see if I can install it via macports on OS X
4	good morning!
0	Excited because I just joined the twitter fam
0	4 real
4	4 more hours 'til my weekend begins! Work will go quick - all is good. :)
0	Just saw Drag me to hell and i enjoyed it.Classic Raimi, Its scary with a dash of humor.Cant says that everyone will like it but i did :)
4	checking off my to-do list!
4	crap. me got blisters..
4	RT @GuyKawasaki: Al Roker Twitters Jury Duty... and Gets Bounced http://bit.ly/OzrVm -- be careful @joyengel!
0	@SoraHime Noob!
4	casulty :(
4	Enjoying the sun laying on the beach at Mandalay Bay. Ahhhh...
4	i am sooo missing my bed right now it is dark and cold :-(
0	Just signed up for Google Wave updates
0	@rache111 haha love the bromance! I'm going to bed so if you get a chance to get tickets let me know otherwise I'll check when I get home!
4	@Dr_Touch Congrats!  Hope you have a great honeymoon :-)
4	If anyone knows how to find the Tear of Asha in Heroes of Might and Magic V.... PLEASE TELL ME!!!     *super frustrated w/ it right now*
0	Blogged: Tutorial: Building a data-centric app using Catalyst and Builder betas -  http://bit.ly/3wGiy
0	So basically sleeping isn't an option for me :( FML
0	whats good twitters...
4	Watching at David Archuleta's fansite.. =)
4	Plaaaaaants!! I'm a happy little nature girl from playing in the dirt!
4	beautiful day here in the Okanagan... the sun is shining... perfect day to tan... sucks i have to work today of all days... Game Day!!
0	Going to bed now it's 3:20am in the uk
4	Awake against my body's better judgment - and headed to the gym and then a LONG but interesting day at the office! Happy Thursday!
0	@seventy_eight Well done! Keep up the good work!!
0	@Isabellas_mommy thats a negative, ghost rider. I am going to TRY to start weight watchers again... we'll see how that works out...
0	trying to apply for a job at muffin break. :)
4	surfing the web chilling with my baby rufus and the grandkids pheobie and roxy
0	@WaterfallLily  You found me...now my life is complete :)
4	Well, off to bed I go, watching my baby smile. I love him so much. 2 more months (begs for time to go by faster)!!!!
4	lunch at Original Joe's with buds from work.
0	mmmmmmmm nuggets with sweet chilli sawwwwwwwsssssse :) :) :)
0	In bed now, just got a phone call from heather. She is hanging out with mason. Miss you mason!! Night all!
0	it's 4:15am and i'm still up doing college work! hahahaha. what a pratt am i?
4	Heading up to South Haven, Michigan this weekend for a lakeside team building activity of sorts.
4	Hellbourne 3 coming Friday
0	is Edward Albee.
0	Adam Lambert????? Are you fucking kidding me???????????
4	@thedomesticdiva  You're absolutely rite, iPhone makes tweetin easier! To be stylish with it u should chk out covers@ www.styleshoppe.com.
4	sharab peena sehat ke liye hanikarak hai !!
0	@chamcircuit Thanks for the speedy reply, is this actually you guys performing live or is it just mp3 files you get from the physical cd?
4	extracredit... woohoo
0	done with work, getting ready to work in the garden tomorrow
0	Another day another tourney.. better be worth missing the grand prix qualifying for
4	wondering what to do this weekend...  need positive energy and good fun!!!
4	today's focus: pushing my favvvvvvvvvv lotion bellezza, and later root on my LAKERS :) woop
0	@Pitcher228 Glad to see your still around!!!!
4	Tuesday is Movie day!!
4	Pens game tonight and Kenny Chesney concert on Saturday! It's a great week in Pittsburgh!!
0	another sleepless night.. this is just ridiculous.. specially since going back to school on Monday..
4	Busy week, put up a hills recap, fashion at Cannes and tonight new arrivals post coming! http://bit.ly/12wu5W
4	kapuzinger spieln am 13. Mai im Rockhouse in Salzburg, i hab mei kartn, hast du deine scho? http://bit.ly/EHWQo
0	Man that Dr Pepper Cherry looks good right about now!
4	A good dose of Mom takes away those blues :-)  My mom just flew in from NYC to spend the week with me, and it worked wonders! we had a blast
4	Drinks tonight. Although I'm not sure where yet... hmmm...
4	@lightsnoise I suggest a rocket orrr wearing an astronaut suite.
0	no phone, in to get repaired, please email me if you need to contact me
4	i got the splinter out...my left pinky hurts real bad, though...
4	@thebrandbuilder Yeah, I understand.
4	@cakeandicecream Hey what's up? Not to sure how Twitter works just thought I'd say hi. Finding some people to talk to. Hope its ok.
0	@viviana1982 I agree. It was funny seeing #Eminem get pissed off.
0	I'd nail Tina Fey in a heartbeat. And then I'd love her forever.
4	@celestine90  So you want to be a rock star ! :-)  COOL !  Can U sing or Play ?
0	is still really sad from seeing UP, but thought it was SUCH a great movie.
0	@zurairi i AM in malaysia! KL to be precise :) if u're here, we need to meet up :)
4	@Rae_GZ heck yes!!! count me in!
0	@robertDouglass That is really quite a lot. I know I added about 5-6 new modules for ec. I wonder how that is related to other months.
4	brian's getting deployed in December. I'm not happy.
0	Bruno is ready for bed... Looks like I'm sleeping on the dog bed, Bruno is under the covers with his head on... http://tinyurl.com/n88jce
4	is discovering daily that life is not always what it seems!  lol   Judgments crashing down around me...ha ha
4	we're becoming more russian, we did all our visiting in our kitchen tonight!
4	Prepping for the party.  Am I spanish superhero or zorro/bandit tonight? Hmmmm..
4	is excited for laker gaaame =) puhaha, i&lt;3shannon brown.
0	about to head to bed after long day...why are men so selfish
0	neighbors left their dog at home for 3 f-ing wks w/a girl who visits maybe once/day. I get to hear it cry all night.They will pay dearly
4	trying to get this thing :S
0	Shower time
0	tired as shit, achey as hell.. guess who doesn't wanna get up tomorrow! ps. boston tea party ftw ^_^
4	Good morning all twiiters
4	I just found out again, that time doesn't have anything in common with friendship :) .
4	RT: @modularjava: Modular Java went to the printers on Tues 5/26!!! &lt;--- congrats Craig!
4	Go to sleep people :)
0	Friends are the most important ingredients in the recipe of My life
4	@tsharrison yum!! I love sonic!!!
4	TGIF! What's everyone doing for the weekend?
4	@taylorswift13 My daughter and I will read your new blog. She is the picture on my profile. We will see you in Tulsa. She would love a reply
4	@annsterrr it doesn't? hrrrmmmm BROAR!!!!! i think that sounds more like me.
4	@wolfger @queenohearts and you ALWAYS have more time... you just need to learn how to find where you put it. :-)
4	race exam today, then visiting
4	@sydneycallahan haha until next year?
0	@typodegradable I drank a few for ya tonight. Whatever youre working on will be great I'm sure :)
4	wow. that movie was amazing :) truly beautiful.
0	Sleeping
4	At Taco Bell on a food run for the aunt....its fucking hot in my car...hate drive thrus lol
4	I have never seen the clifton target so empty. Note to self: always come here on friday afternoons
4	So.... Mexican food... Beers and tequila! To bed! Portsmouth again in the morning... Night x
4	wow... RBC eSavings is now 0.75% They're just whipping pennies at me now. #wtf
4	@NameCheap the Himalayas or Himalayan Mountains or Hindu Kush Mountains depending on time period your going by
4	@joannagarzilli How many times did you whack within a 3 hour timeframe?
4	Breyer just posted the winners of the Kuchi contest! So make sure to go visit their site if you entered! :D www.breyerhorses.com/news
4	@rachelmueller yeah. where did you go last night?? Boo. Movie tonight. Interested? I think the idea is 'rest.' :)
4	http://twitpic.com/3d8wl - senior pictures...zawwh
0	Just leaving to fetch Loz, then off to the park for some quality play time!
0	I'm so pissed. My favorite shirt is ripped and NOT because of me. And a bunch more are stretched out. Ughhh
0	@TeeVeeEagle and...Billy Crystal in When Harry met Sally...http://bit.ly/IXygb
4	Just saw terminator!! It was awsomeeee. ZzZzZzZzZz time&lt;3
4	softball in a litte bit, chillin with the sister, Steve and the infamous John Kiss might be coming to pa tonight. Life is good.
4	Final note: The Subway Nuke was my idea...actually Subway is creating the Subway Adom Bomb...cuz it's bigger..and meatier...and stuff...
4	x.x I need to find food.  My heart is in pain.. I want to keep both of my rabbits..  doing the right thing is not always the easiest.
0	11 more days of school! G00dnight tweeters!
4	Haha. Paste.
4	@chrishasboobsi get it omg! :P
0	@ayeyi chen! will buy an iphone later! :D 8gb 3g
0	Spammed all my friends to come to Twitter. With less success, i guess. Thinking about to also write in german sometimes...
4	@futuristicplans @JABSEN mwahahahahaha
4	doin hair and makeup--banquet at 7-- text me-- GOOD LUCK AT YOUR GAME BABY :) go rams!!
4	Celebrating my b-day (pronounced: bidet) with the roommates. Have a great one folks!
4	Albuquerque. Rain & super gusts off & on across N.Mex. For a while, got with a convoy doing 90 - What fun! MUST HAVE COFFEE NOW.
4	eating some food before i start getting ready to go out :)
4	Wish Wes would skip fishing and come to the track meet tommorow
0	@Volcompunk busy working, making them dollas... exciting life! I know :) Did do some intense Chicago drinking this past weekend tho
4	@marvelousmaggie  whats wrong with it?!
0	House is especially clean as mother-in-law looking after Lottie.  Hope she doesn't look in the oven though! Off to Ramada Gloucester : )
0	away to the exam!! tweet laters &lt;3 xoxo
4	Breakfast then train down to London for the weekend!
0	@EntropicalVeda DOES TOO. :O
4	On w6 on way to a meeting. Morning everyone!
4	@nbprithv  Yes, it certainly is! Just put it down to experience... oh and easier to re-image than reinstall.
0	just got into Battlefield Heroes Beta! xD
4	Goin to pick up Elise and go to the park. i love my niece!  :)
0	Oh, eclipse is also amazing. ;) funny how Edward and Jacob fights for Bella. ;)
4	Got some stuff done today, but lunch wasn't on that list :(
0	Conecting in a new interesting way words and intention with mooving pictures is definitely not easy
4	Playing around with Mercurial.
0	@Kr3wsk8r231 true, hmm maybe there will be an attachment
4	I'm currently showing unfair favoritism to my youngest cat... maybe it's a good thing I'm not an actual parent.
0	@Ecophonix excellent :) don't forget to take your containers with you!
0	why does it feel like everything would be perfect in our lives..except for one thing that stops it from happening
4	officially addicted. reading twilight =)
4	@thekelliejane Wow, I am honored to be included in that list!!
0	just started playing Brain Age 2: More Training in Minutes a Day. http://raptr.com/ldyenigma
0	@ivanherman I do the same.  Creating the trips and printing details etc is easiest on TripIt, and Dopplr auto-imports the data for sharing.
4	bedddtime
0	Just seen trailer for new film about the world in 2025 and how its changed since global warming. Looks cool!
0	last night i had 2 screaming girls saying u cant sleep in ur own bed i finally escaped to my own bed only to be woken 7 hrs earlier by them
4	time to go to Boston already! uhhh 3 more weeks left YAY =)
4	@alissapinch yay for phoenix! I'm in phoenix!! :)
0	Hooray! hottest day of the year and I've got an exam, bet it rains on Wednesday when they're all finished :(
4	@sometimelwonder free of what, twinny??
4	YES!!! i figured out the first part of fly with me on the piano!!!!! :D
4	my kung pao chicken had a pineapple in it... it made the chicken taste better
4	@StephC2208 :(
4	Strawberry yoghurt  and chocolate cake for breakfast (Y)
0	got up at 6am when her son wasn't even here to wake her up, wtf is up with that!!
0	Marley & Me it took me back 2 last year, we'd had tranny for 13 years & he passed away. It was hard he had the same probs and he was a lab 2
0	having a lazy sunday curled up with a book a easter egg mmmm heaven
0	Did I mention that I hate Internet Explorer 6? If I didn't - I really really hate it. It makes my life miserable at times.
4	Ready for MOMO :)
0	feels cold :(
0	i wish i could wear my skirt with bare legs.. makes me want to be in cali again
0	@Wossy Hi I'm after some advice please...I'm organising a high profile event in Brum, how can I get celebs there?
0	Microsoft why is easier to steal a copy of XP then to use a legit one?
0	Ok so I said I was going to bed like an hour ago but I can't sleep and school starts up again tomorow!!
4	@jasmineleigh33 lol I'll do it now silly miss. PS when you come over, can you pick up a bag of lays bbq chips I have a crrrrrrraving &lt;3
0	PD training all day....not sure if I'm excited...or not. But luv catching up with my other Happy Chappys. Bring on the Vision & Unity!
4	is up and about and needs to get to work quite sharpish... I'm playing manager today, this should be interesting
4	finally my CV is done~~yippeeee :D
4	Chicks at table behind us puke all over the table, start slapping each other and get security called...then slap security...hahaha VEGAS!!
4	Hahaha i wanna watch Up lol
0	i'm ready to rock teaching a spin class.any one wanna join me??
0	Is soooo tired :(
4	...I hate being the only single gay guy at weddings... They shoot single people, don't they?....
4	is wondering why he's still up.
4	Got to start making Eggs Benedict & get my Hubby motivated to check the lawn - it needs mowing & take some rubbish to the tip today.
0	@SeanTheBear AND all this time I was switching between being a woman and a man
0	Haha the car reads the temp being 99! crazyness :X
0	@antmats fierce
4	Mundine on Green Green ain't even on the radar. Tell him to be somebody. ..... Gold!! haha
4	Last day of school for the kiddo's...HMMM now comes the long part.lol
4	I'm going out tonight, so I have to get everything done by 5:30. =)
0	Chilling home on a very Hot Friday!!!
4	My wife is the best! She bought me Dreamweaver CS4!
4	Timepiece training
4	@Ian_Stokoe it has to be in the top 3 global for sure.  Is that an official release advert?
0	I'm on my way into work at Bush, nude side. Another night on the grind!
4	@Wayfarer247 thanks for your help Ethan :D
0	split pesonality!1 minutes he's all ooooo aaaahhhh lovey dovey blah blah and the next a miserable git!I just dont understand??
0	Zotero is amazing
0	20.45 is way past your childs bedtime.  Put them to bed and stop coming to the emergency room for useless stuff!!
0	Note to self: must check with Alistair on whether we can claw back enough from MPs to cover the budget deficit
4	Smells like rain :)
4	Band practice!! :)
4	Is down 74.2 pounds.  Unexpected after 2 weeks of eating in cafeterias and restaurants.  Makes home even sweeter...
4	I love California's grey skies :)
4	Been a while since I could have a weekend open. Think I'll spend this one relaxing at home. Any suggestions for a good book?
4	1 Danielle 0 Patient :)
4	@melissar82387 GOOD LUCK Sissy! You're going to do FaBuLoUs! xoxo
4	Less then 18 hours til the Jump... We have one more spot open... Hit me up if anybody is interested!
4	working till 10am
4	@butterflylily lol i never heard it lol :D
4	@hannahbananalee If it makes you feel any better, I just tried it to make sure I was being truthful...I can still do 10, but it weren't easy
4	Is in isolation....
0	I'm using BlackBerry 8310 in China Now
0	@smileyeily it's bank holiday here! Woot :) I presume that's why @sineadcochrane isn't on! Picnic yay ;)
4	Getting a spa pedi.... Soooo good!! =)
4	going to chinatownn. :D
4	@pezcookie hang in there, I'm praying for you.
4	well I am officially done with apartment life :-)
0	I am Watching the Real Housewives of NY, these woman are just horrendous, but I can't help myself!
4	the rain would make for a ncie day to sleep in...oh well, happy friday!
4	OK getting ready to start our games in Dallas...hey remind me to NEVER stay at a Hilton again.....Paris why do u do this 2 me?
0	BYEEEE!
0	heading to bed. Had a good day watching movies with Joe and Tad. Busy day tomorrow.  Work then school!
0	I still have a complex but I need to try to sleep. :-(
4	Uhhh....
4	why did I wake up so early grrrrr
0	i really should be in bed. haha. idk
4	I think its sheer torment that lady gaga is in london and shes flaunting it on twitter. Grr. Finished bothe my essays ^_^.
0	Oasis - Stop Crying Your Heart Out :) Sleep, school in the morning. text me!
0	@PamsLove lol twitter's accusing you of talking too much! hahah! :o
0	Im gonna sleep have to go to college 2morrow goodnight
4	@NickStockman feel better Nicko!!! drop that fever like a bad habit dude ;)
4	Quarq wins $10,000 for 2nd in SD Giant Vision Awards. http://tinyurl.com/cofh8y
0	booked and so excited!
4	@katemcguffin is the kickball game happening while i'm in town, please please please!
4	@kpereira  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerboa...here you go lol now they're coming for you
0	@Jake_Ellis is shocked that you watch the tennis ;) lol
0	Eye of thundera, give me sight beyond sight. Wheres my wallet?
0	Going to NC state vet school with my horse today :/
0	can't think of a situation where sneezing with your mouth full would ever be pleasant. Fun, perhaps (depending on target), but not pleasant.
4	listening to music, studying.....=S  where's the sunshine??? =(
0	Its official, I'm in love with all wolves :)
4	Only 16 more days till I'm home!!!!
0	@truthuniversaly Yes.
4	The good man brings good things out of the good stored up in his heart, ... For out of the overflow if his heart the mouth speaks. Luke 6:45
4	If your dream doesn't scare you, it's not big enough! Mine is definitely scaring me! :)
0	Champs mileage counts:  2008-36 miles; 2009-23 miles. Lots of walking!
4	@_FK_ Love it...to get pissed is another one that always brings a smile ;)
4	@duswapno Right on - this seems to be a good area to go short - it has huge resistance around $30-$31 area. $COF
0	is currently listening to The Birthday Massacre - Video Kid
0	mind over matter
4	@lupestripe No, you are not the only one.
4	@aileenismean pretty sure i remember who you're talked about. ahhhh
0	I guess this weekend proved that any place is fun when you're with the right people
0	Oh snap....Lovin this new John Legend and Estelle single....
0	I love this wheater but I forgot my room boils in it @.@ it was only 70 today, we're screwd
4	Vroom vroom TT oh yes please RT @guardiantech: Event preview: TT Races, Isle Of Man http://bit.ly/CI8qu
4	Britton comes home today!!!  Baby Bright Eyes finally joining the family...yeah!!!
4	@allanbrocka DJ AM is there!! :)
4	2 hours since original departure... and still we are at IAD gate, some call this the glamourous life.
4	TODAY! ahaha! Reunion!
4	enjoyied some red red wine last night with father ted box set and is now gettng ready for work :(
4	Its an amazingly beautiful morning glad i'm up!! and i'm missing my baby already! :)
4	RT: @mashable: If you want a custom Twitter background, Twitter Backgrounds Gallery is a cool site: http://bit.ly/E8xch
0	@ej09 Peek a Boo!
0	@aplusk Slumdog Millionaire  was amazing !!!!
4	getting my hairrr done.
4	morrnnninggg all.working :(
4	Im at work. Doing nothing. As usual.
4	I DID run this morning!! Woke up late so I was strapped for time, couldn't tweet sorry :P
4	Noeth Csmpus Practice...so tired, slight headache
4	Soldiering on with paperwork so that I can start packing for camping tomorrow! 4 days in our tent, neighbouring the Allonbys! Excited!
4	is still awake with backache, heartburn and insomnia!
4	The rise and fall of the bicycle gang
4	My Daily Twittascope - http://bit.ly/HwGmc
4	heading on out, to Galleria Unico for our Soul Dance Party!
4	60 Seconds with Ellie - http://bit.ly/ilhWx
0	Rye, Texas says that Swan flu is coming...
0	Back at work after an entertaining weekend. Tell me again why i start at 7, when the UK only wakes up at 9 SA time???
0	Chilln @ tue pool
0	Im off to bed. FINALLY! Last week of classes. Bring it.
4	house was a defo NO NO NO
0	Oops.
0	@SteveKayser Thx for the follow. Enjoyed browsing your site and getting to know your work! Reality Check/ALLMOP made me smile :)
0	My hair is not dry and I have 2 sleep under the dryer...I hate the dryer :-(
4	leaders need to get a hobby: http://www.jenniferkaysmith.com/
4	@redbaron2358 I will as soon as I have one second... Still snowed under :-((
0	going to sleep
4	It's just me Alex&Lizabeth's cat:] I wish I could go to Canada too:| Going to moms! She now lives in Santa Barbra...?? I believe.
4	Off to bed now. Busy day 2moz. Work till 12pm then home to get ready for a wedding at 1pm then reception in colchester afterwards
4	@fosron taip yra ir pvz. Berlyne ir viskas okej :)
4	searching for a job!! or two.  ...officially moving to summit avenue in july :)
0	I'm going to bed good night
0	Say Cheese!
4	ummm.... i just got done sk8ing and waching charlie the unicorn 1,2,3 :D.
0	Still 13 days and counting... 1 June
4	@rosivinson and talking of Spam - http://bit.ly/kHTSn
4	@PGA_JohnDaly, Good luck and play well!
0	So I picked up this stray cat on the street, and he and Olly seemed to hit it off. I may have a new family member :)
0	headaches suck!
4	thinks that uneven numbers are sexier than even numbers and prime numbers are the sexiest of them all ;-)
0	i hate mondaayyyyyy  :-(
4	@patrickjoseph I agree! I love airports :). Lots of people to watch and random people to talk to lol :o)
4	@hellorockview14 as a CPR instructor and an RN I don't even understand the question
4	Ahh. ADDISON bound. Have a good weekend my friends. Got twitter? Add me!
4	Still at bros place hope to be home soon to see friends on sl
4	@cbourland hate you!!
0	@liviaokokok I must agree...
0	Would like to see scooter laws from Taiwan implemented on Guam.
4	@BonnieLeeDesign thanx hon....I must admit I've got a huge smile on my face :)
0	@Dannymcfly tweet tweet
0	my brain feels funky. thoughts are easier when released through sleep.
0	I bet I can cook an egg on the hood of my car
4	MONORAIL CAT! http://zapatopi.net/blog/monorailcat.jpg
4	Taking it easy today, P is sleeping in and B is walking around babbling, only 2 real words, mama and dada but he babbles a ton!
4	Gud night everyone i am gonna sleep now hope i'll have another beautiful dream tonight :&gt;
0	@JaylaStarr hey, twitter has allowed me to discover you & your movies so thank god for twitter I guess! Love the pics you've been putting up
4	Everywhere sale sale sale... :)
4	Pumped for the new Green Day video on friday! And mega stoked for the Summer blink tour...this year is pretty rad :)
0	just arrived to work! tons of thing to do!
0	is awake.
0	at home for the week end with a beautifull bluebird sky without any cloud
4	getting ready to hit New Parking tonight.. check me out spinning behind the wheels of steel! :-P
4	at things from a broader perspective. Again, #AR is much more than just visuals or glasses...you have to include dozens of other areas...
0	contemplating what to do with the day
0	@mikeswart Why the rocketship?
4	Woke up with a slight hangover... went to Black Sheep Lounge on S. Lamar, free Margaritas!!
0	Recapping the day...oh how the time flies!!!  Off to celebrate in a bit  ;-)
4	is missing someone a little too much.  I didn't this much before, why now?!?
4	can't wait for so you think you can dance!! favorite show ever!
0	We went to the 'Major Generals Review' yesterday, practice run for trooping the colour, what a great day out! Thank-you Major Mattison. ;-)
4	Painting to get my mind off things
0	@monikamanchanda OMG..i am feeling sooo J.
0	@dcli1016 Check email :P
4	Mother is feeling better. Shopping expedition confirmed. All is right with the world. Let's go to the mall, everybody!
0	@kelewis Just visited your blog, I hope you never write about rats again. They're my BIGGEST fear!
4	@skythisweek nice photo!  I also imaged it with my PST, http://bit.ly/vjVDo
0	Monday morning... hummmm what to do?  Yes, I am at work! Darn! Just thinking -how nice it would be to NOT HAVE to work! (like this anyway!)
4	Your daily cute: Counting Lambs http://bit.ly/p6ckf
0	@JackyAV You can stimulate my package all you want.
4	on my way to SPRING FORMAL!! with kim, angela, and annie!! :D :D :D
4	talked to her aunt in Korea for 3 and 1/2 hours!
0	@Coyoteontherun Yes! I am going to call her later.  Her hair smells like BERRIES.
4	@sheescobar Thanks for the comment!! You're the best blog reader ever! :)
4	Solar-powered 'guiltless green' home theater system makes your Wall-E Blu-ray very happy http://bit.ly/HB5bP
4	recording Bisector Human Diaries (III)
0	is designing websites for clients whilst sitting in the sunshine in the garden, bellllllisimo!!! :-)
0	only 12 more days of this block left. woooooooooo!!!!!
4	Love and support to all those in California protesting Prop 8 !
4	Had a ball with the Ali bird tweeting and barbie tonight! X
0	Good morning :) It's Monday and overcast and chilly but still beautiful :)
0	BORED and Super Dooper TIRED
0	@jreng Sadly, no such liquid revelry for me tonight. The sheep are lined up and ready to be counted...
0	@Mayrasol aww...take it easy!  I remember how that feels to go back to work after the knee injury!
0	has decided to do her 10-12 page paper not on satan, but instead factionalism in gaul in the 4th century. wtf?
0	In la with Anh she's being an artist :)
0	65 And sunny-and its only 9:15.  Hooray!!
4	my neighbour is cutting metal with a power tool & it's not even 10am on a Sunday morning ... hell is other people
0	... http://bit.ly/Gt08S
0	wondering why its so appealing to do the wrong thing. could be a glutton for punishment or could just be wanting to make things eventful!
0	I've lost my vooooooiiiiiceeeeeee!! :(
0	@erinmeskill You've heard of A Phoenix Forever too?
0	http://twitpic.com/69awk - hubby just came home from playing tennis, this is the brunch that awaits him :)
0	@Jared1075KZL But do you think David will be offended that you put celebrity in quotes?
0	I'm laying in the sun. Finally. Rain, rain go away!!!
4	Ready to party .. and I DO feel like dancing when the old joana plays..lala !
0	....I really hope it cools down up stairs it is muy caliente up there
4	@nicolerichie you forgot Benji :(
4	You peeps should follow me :) I got ice cream haha
0	@msbaileybaby p.s. did you get the red strip off?? and your inspection sticker??
4	stoked for tommorow :)
4	NERD RAGE!!!!
4	Ok so its already past the dawn here now n&#039; I just gotta get some damn sleep...But I&#039;m so mega xcited about Twitter and Hello ;) G
4	omg.... I've just been thru 5 hours of hell.  My surrogate father is going to help deliver me from evil though.  Thank God.
4	@PacManFan1 I am soooooo happy @EvilMissLauren talked you into twitter. Good luck at court today :)
4	is closing in on the grounds...just realized I don't enjoy the Ting Tings so may b skipping that biz
0	is laid in the lovely sun. . .
4	Wonder if this works?
0	I'm now an official resident of Pasadena! Who'whoo!!! Thanks @Brenden for all your help! I had fun moving! I love you!
0	still not home, holy shit, so much hw to do still
0	After a heavy lifting session this morning and a 5mile this afternoon I'm all sorts of tired. Gnite ya'll
0	Medium cliffhanger :(
4	is loving the sun!
0	Just got to hotel room. Back in Albany for another week of fun.
4	Oh yeah. Hooters! Chicken tonight baby!
4	@TheSniperMonkey thank you :]
0	made a fool of my self! I spent 2 hours studing english an what I studied wasn't even on the freaking test!!!!
0	going to sleep :) ... yeap at 6 am .. brb around 11 am
0	@benpeake oh yeah!
4	@wtcc http://twitpic.com/38790 - you kinda look similar,   hahahah
4	ready for a day full of television... not really.
0	Service was fantastic. Off to volunteer with the 1st graders and then meet jay steve and the kids at the pool.
4	show me, show me, show me how you do that trick
0	going to bed. I'm exhausted..
0	finally! get ready to rage! @rayrayg
0	At work, chippin away at another day :D. Enjoy it, it's a Monday.
4	Ewwww fart master LOL it's them eggs
0	It's gonna be real chill...just a few people.
4	gonna a play a game of fifa 09 with the comp (safdar is yet to wake up)..am i getting addicted? nah..just this one time.. ;)
4	Good night everyone
0	Coffe make me happy!!!!!!!
4	It's raining!!! :) I love it!!
4	is Dallas with Tyler :)
0	OH-EMMM-GEE ITS SOOOO HOT!!
4	@iCarlycruise yeah...its been hard with all the mean people and stuff, but i think i'm going to make it through :)
4	@hashfunction duck duck duck duck duck duck
4	Getting my gear ready for tomorrows team ride.
0	This math shit is hard. Factoring,binomimals,trinomials, square rooting, x's & y's!!?!?!? omg..I fucking quit. I dont understand! lol help!
4	driving through yreka! mt. shasta is hazy. :I
4	Testing out my MoTwit..not liking it so far..wld rather open a web browser :/
0	good morning all. I just finished biology class. 7 more days till summer vaction!
4	@GetURWingz the bad what?
4	http://www.microcinemadvd.com/photography/
4	Tuckin into @joshuaabrown's fridge mid-party. Philadelphia spread on some fresh bread buns. A feast fit for a waste of space student
0	@jimmycarr Yeah. Thanks Jimmy for the info. Nice. Keep me in the loop ;)
0	Well be shooting all weekend.
0	@Ifran27 lol i have to sub 1 ingredient so plz dont hate me if its kinda eehhh ok?
4	I'm too fucking old to walk home when the sun is up
4	eating Texas chicken pizza
0	@robmalon ummmm so twitter=my new crack!  Help me....it's addicting!!!  Not as bad as WOW though....tehe ;)
4	@MKrivankova HSBC National Center for Economic and Financial Education Launch is today! http://tinyurl.com/p8jhw7
4	happy birthday javi! :D
4	is at home with a nice buzz
0	Getting packed up to head to the South Central Regional YDA Conference in Little Rock, AR - Hope to see many North Texas YD friends there!
4	getting ready for more dancing and flirting o.O
4	@KimberlyDoll hope it went well!!  xo
4	I hate when I get sucked into RW/RR challenges!! GRRR
0	@ardaliz ....YES, that IS the correct porunounciation, but can you use that in a sentence???   e.g. (she's downstairs in the car)
0	@imbatman80 Not sure, somewhere in Cardiff - all in the aid of CBT! Kent's a bit of a mission! Can you not find a buddy?
0	http://twitpic.com/6epmi breakfast of champions
4	wedding OMG
0	@MorningMajor I'm using Twim with my Nokia E71. I think it's compatible with Sony phones too :)
4	Pick a season and stick with it dammit
0	I'm free!!!
0	work soooooooooon
0	I'm off work a little early and am gonna go to Gene Coulon park to take pics of Lake WA and the pretty Mts!
0	will be gaming. All day. Muahaha! Horrors beneath the Isle of Dread, meet your gnome inflicted doom ^_^
0	I am so tired and get up early again tomorrow. I would also like a long weekend. Go tomorrow to rehearse in the Estrel hotel. yeah
0	feeling so lost. ordering pizzza. studying :/
0	I'm editing some pics to get some cash to head out to the movies! Nice!
4	damn .tired but was still forced to go to tht stupid event .arghh !!
0	So much for my day off... I'm going to work.
4	@soulap13 110 & 2nd Ave. Hope you know half of brooklyn is shut down tomorrow bc of the brookyn half marathon!
0	Off to work. Lord me shine.
0	Is ready for some sun, beers and lots of laughs!! THANK GOD ITS FRIDAY!
0	http://bit.ly/5I1dB Huffpost - SWINE FLU: Egypt Slaughters All Pigs To Prevent Outbreak
0	goin to play poker tonite. excited.
4	wine
0	@gush4plush wow! how old is he?
4	Is out with Chris.... Hope everyone is having fun.... Los quiero :-)
4	is helping Rebecca set up her shower rod noose, and then when she is done with that is gonna help her find a job.
4	Just played an awesome game with my best friend & another buddy - life can't be much better - role on our next game session! Go soldiers!
4	tanning :)
0	@adrienbaker @kobainisalive LOL yes he is :-) he's being good. He lives vicariously through me ;-)
4	We made a  new friend :) his name is Earl Fredrickson!
4	This could be the best days of my life &lt;3
4	You must pay the price for ANYTHING worth having..... :)
0	passed
4	On the way to camp, totaly saw a deer on the side of the interstate...Just standing there lol
4	Downloading mp3s
4	Playing the Twitter speed-typing game at http://fast140.com - How fast can you type?
0	@tevi my mtg db app
4	Vote for Roanoke! http://www.kiplinger.com/money/bestcities/vote.php
4	My day just got reallll interesting. Haha
0	i should go yo sleep... but im not going to ! :)
0	I sure am missing my husband ;(
4	@bakingblog I love when that happens! enjoy your peaceful friday!
4	@Stephanya yeah nah she did help, lol
0	I have a headache. And I just had an awkward conversation. Talking to people on the phone sucks.
0	is going downtown with 'Thuser & Jay. w00t w00t. 8) Then with JB for the night. :) Leave something for the morning. :D
0	hope manda and andrea have fun today...almost wish i was there :)
0	Uhm Idkk
4	Product review on AllNaturalBeauty - we are SO excited!  Thank you Sharon!  http://tinyurl.com/lhqoc8
4	Had a nice time at the airport. My man is now up, up and away.
0	@Tiab3 Miss you BBQ if you work on 6E tell people who know me I said hello..
4	Looking forward to knockin' the pearl around tomorrow morning at 7
0	bed time...
0	boredlyy. Wolverine later.
4	Finally got my picks on at Beat the Streak. We'll see if I get past 5 this year. :(
0	Id rather people know that i am a gator then know my name.
0	Austen Fest 09 For some reason no summer is complete without a little Jane Austen. OK a lot of Jane Austen. Read N.A. now on to Emma.
0	Not a good day.
4	2 more hours then on vacation! :-)
0	With a name like Versus, they're just TRYING to sound confrontational.
4	http://www.mc.vanderbilt.edu/houseorgan/Moment1.htm
4	@BL3SS haha real exciting....dude i'm starviiiiing i want a pineapple pizza right about now =D
4	watched Iron Man...duuuuuuude.
0	@CorinneLParker damn, at work, can't watch! :(
0	Not ready for next week...
4	I cnt upload a headshot. err.
0	I've made up my mind...I'm dying my hair purple!  :-D Wish me luck!
0	@Octopusami I heard it comes out in the Fall.. which is Spring for us, so a bit of a wait. Boo.
0	Leaving Piedmont :-(
0	Back from the track meet Anthony got 4th place in the 100 M das. WTG Anthony!! :)
4	School bathrooms are so gross! argh
0	Sleepy. Goodnight Twitter.
0	making my twitter page :P
4	OK. Going to sleep now.  Need to get some rest for tomorrow. :-) Good night.
0	is settled back in Brussels, glass of wine in hand. Much of the news/email backlog cleared. Time to chill...
0	Come on, gotta love NRL Super Saturday
4	@mpacatte That happened to my sister. Ended with a section of the exterior wall being removed from her condo. It can be worse!
4	Help me earn DEW points - http://bit.ly/XLPcU click on through!
0	Boarding southwest for another fun filled week in Carlsbad!
0	RT @harris1025 and today is yom move-in of the newest member at the 923!
4	Sleepin' ZzZzZzzZz Goodnight!
4	@RoOkin my housemate got them online
0	oh crap, my hosting is suspended because they could not verify my number, should i kick ass of NTC or Hosting company
4	By the ATX 360 bridge, the Yellow-throated Warbler persists. Nice! Hearing all the boat noise and smelling their exhaust was not so nice.
0	is feeling supercalafragelisticexpialadocious
4	just finished an excellent ending to New Mexico.
4	So, I just got a twitter acount. Yay
4	Busy day at work then had a great time at the park playing and having a picnic with Kev and the kiddos this evening. Life is good.
0	Getting ready to go to bed so i can work the weekend
4	@icoachwealth help me find a money tree then!
0	having brekkie then going to my mum's house to see her :)
0	@girlyteck grabs a lettice wrap fills it with the chicken puts it on her plate & starts to eat the chicken out of the lettice w/chop sticks!
4	Pink Tiki TONIGHT @ Tikis Grill & Bar in Waikiki Beach Hotel, 21 and over. 3 hours FREE Valet Parking, $3 Drink Specials, Come visit us :)
4	Sleepy time. Goodnight moon, goodnight stars, goodnight tweeters whoever you are :)
4	@carowhitlock Good choices! Love the south beaches too. Enjoy
4	Dentist today!!! Root canal :-( please please PLEASE pray for me and don't forget me ok..i'm kinda scared. shhesh.. I need emotional rest.
4	We will serve the LORD even when trials come, for none can separate us from the LOVE of GOD!
0	http://twitpic.com/4dp0s - rabbit veal & pork seasoned with white wine
4	Oh yeah, TFGIF
0	@megitwat downtime, pet-friendly, AND well-paying?  Sounds awesome to me; good luck!
0	@melissamelisse I heard you're gonna be here this weekend??? I miiiissssss youuuu my maddapang!! &lt;3
4	My Lil Man http://myvi.net/px/IAH
4	caught up on work and looking forward to an actually relaxing weekend. Maybe I'll even take some photos just for fun!
4	Brother's high school graduation tomorrow and then off to San Jose to see Justin :)
4	Rob & Big waiting for @babysarahk and @inzulee
4	May you find adventure in even the simplest things you do...Luv your friend Ellie :D
0	@crookedtree will the t-shirts up in the online store? some of us can't stop by as often as we'd like
0	@madbouncydogs Bugger!!! That is shocking!
0	DC tomarrow! Cant wait, I cant bring my phone tho, so ill make a video about it when i get back
4	Just Released Ebook Complete guide to Muscle Testing - Discover Which foods weaken U, which foods strengthen U - http://cli.gs/5g66jy
4	@alinamichele  there is a smashburger out east by my work.  Adam had a salad even though that's where he picked to go.  :)  i had the ch ...
0	HAHA. oh Elias.. only you.
4	I just saw a woman looking through the window of pizza hut waiting for it to open like the old mervyns commercials.
4	Glad to have some silliness after the day i had.  i'm def. not looking forward to tomorrow.  Maybe it won't be so bad.  here's hoping!
4	@nobodylkl I Think the body shop carried the scent a while back.. instant sunny day memories!
4	Back in Boston :-)
4	@rubaiyat sure it is, but I am biased. depends on the content of the poster and the context behind it as well.
0	I am trying to discern how many species are using tweeter. I have observed Homo Sapiens, Canis Familiaris and Felis Catus thus far.
4	is frozen!!!! im pretty sure the snow is on the way, will keep u posted :)
0	Nice day to be on the river; too bad I couldn't the youngun to join me
0	I don't know what's right and what's real anymore. I don't know how i'm meant to feel anymore.  I've been taken over by the fear. . .
0	RT @tcd2004: congrats big guy!  Glad you got the job!
4	@itsangelcarter Take care :)
4	back at the office after four pretty cool days off.
4	Disappointed.. but well, now know..
4	@RonBevi haha - well I'm driving a shuttle van, but I might need it for my left arm!  :)
4	Strongly dislikes loud, screaming 6th graders on the bus
0	payday is too far away
0	Of course I can't get my window fixed until after the two days of t-storms rolling through. Awesome.
0	@jwood8989 we always try our hardest to be nice lol...sometimes we slip up lol
0	@OperationElefnt pain is beauty my love. lol are you going to work today?
0	is on a movie marathon! 1st: Sex and the City Movie. 2nd: Confessions of a Shopaholic. yeay for chic filcks! :))
4	Come vote in my Digital Collage Sheet size poll in my Artfire Studio (poll is in the right sidebar): http://PrintYourOwn.artfire.com
0	Looking forward to Eva's christening and seeing the family over the bank holiday, hope the weather's good...:)
0	@hungerf3 a whole month?  joy!
4	Trying to get some sleep now because I have to get up early for rehearsal.
0	@iklash @rkwagle good going....keep on Tinging
0	sip sip sip sippin' on some Stardust Coffee
0	Eating mini eclairs with the boy
0	watching reruns of the x files.......what a wonderful life!
4	@Courtneyymartin and theres like nothing but girls that twitter
4	still up drinking paul masson man i feel good!
0	sigh... what a bad habit!!
4	Crank 2 was ....well idk what to say about it.
4	worked really hard for her wifey and herself tonight.. hopefully it will pay off! :0)
0	going to a softball meeting ughers, :(
4	is sucking lollipop on a rainy day.
4	Going around to yard sales with my mom-in-law. Kind of fun :-)
0	But minus the Internet means I got to spend time with Serenity, today was field day, can't wait to see how the pics turned out :)
4	Making lesson plans...I am ready for summer to be over already!
0	Say good luck to me everyone :) It's my exam ~ I feel worry alot :-s
4	@daniel_hautjobb next up is getting a certification to teach...a red collar. I also compete so I am constantly training for that too..
0	AAR is amazing.
0	random pizza hype on broadway with rey.. damn havent had a cheese pizza for awhile
4	Lunchtime at Cottesloe Beach http://twitpic.com/68o69
4	RT @MirrorFinish  Download the podcast and see why Car Detailing is now A Necessity, Not a Luxury http://tinyurl.com/d3warq
0	Testing #jtv http://justin.tv/femninja
4	enjoying the in laws patio so much. Loving my vitamin D
4	Sounds good except the lack of funds for real Johnny G fun. Lets get laptop soon so we have the whole day still.
0	was nice and took my mind off things for a few hours
0	Confused by students who plan to be engineers but don't do the math on grades.  How does 72, 65, 48, and 53 equate to I'm doing well?!?!?!
4	Never fry bacon naked.
4	Amanda Palmer covers muse, video up on youtube! http://tinyurl.com/d2sdlw
4	editing my myspace, trying to find a Twitter Application that i actually like.
0	@ForkinSpoons are you going to convert BohannonSpoons?
0	I love floating around the pool and just contemplating about life.
0	@zwangsneurose sieht ja nich so prall aus
0	AHHHHHHHHHH!!! i'm so excited, i saw the trailer to New Moon! they left me hanging!
4	eating gourmet cake, yum! practice later though, i should do a rain dance, sunshine kills.
4	on the buss going to work then going to see the hangover 2night
4	sorry to spam but read about why i *HATE* COLLEGE STATION HERE: http://tr.im/ja2z
4	@markhoppus Steal the 1st thing you see that is purple
0	@JessicaSki I'm gonna try to stop in Montgomery and kidnap Lindz on my way, or maybe you could meet us up there and we could have hijinks?
4	@McCarron this is an endless spiral of flamewar, and I hope we can use it to our advantage. Has NeoGAF found it yet? They're namechecked...
4	Going to bed. To dream of.. Things.. &lt;_&lt;
4	Im awake for no reason?!? This is why I dont sleep early..meh
4	@pinkroma Most of them do little competitions here and there to get their programs out there. A lot of em go to Liberty in Philly in July
4	@gegere hah!
0	@yeahisawsparks Thank you :)
0	I can't wait to watch the last episodes of the current series of Heroes, Lost and 24 in HD. Completely addicted to them lol...
0	Boxing Fail. Hilarious !  http://is.gd/w4Zk
4	@HoneyBfly09 Good Morning HoneyBfly :)
0	time is running out again. :(
0	Sizes:This was an interesting thread on calorie count whr ppl submitted their he... Read More: http://is.gd/LNut
0	blah, moving sucks.
0	my throat is on fire, im losin my voice & i'm supposd 2 b singing 2moro.
4	Off of work!! Off for two days!!
0	trying to sleep... but I think sleeping is overrated
4	I HOPE YOU CHOKE ON A COCK AND DIE MOTHER FUCKER!
4	Oh man, grad show tonight! #fb
0	is off to the east bay guys party in San Leandro.
4	Prob. Sierra Grille 4 Rabbit Rabbit & more.......Free Kittys (to good home!) msg. me on facebook or myspace for Info. & Pics
0	went to the art museum today and had a blasty blast
0	@jdmabry that's hoochie MAMA to you!!!!
4	Is drained. Off to bed. Gogo dancing to Chicago DJ's in Milwaukee makes life... a little better in my  book:) Nitey nite world! :D
4	@jhooo Never!!! Once you worked @ Shoks your fate as an alchy is sealed :P
4	Gosh I'm tired! I need a nap! :)
4	Trying to find a venue for Maree's birthday... think we have a possible winner though =)
4	Maybe Obama should retake his Constitutional Law class. http://tinyurl.com/qotb2w (via @michaelajones)
4	@danaseverance  OK! You'll have to work just as hard on a good relationship, but it's worth it.
0	Baby just got his shots so sad
0	http://twitpic.com/67nzr - i probably should have been trying to get it out of my car instead of taking photos of it...
4	To all lonely revolutionaries: your day is coming.  New blog post:  http://bit.ly/BoHbv
4	Time to watch some Lost. It might be a night for a lot of Lost, actually. Not sure yet.
0	@ddlovato you eat food of the mcdonalds?
4	I can't sleep
4	almost out of work :) ... then work again at tj's :( ... getting out around 1015pm, lets hope, then getting ready to go out with the gir ...
0	jus got a new twitt app im juiced!
0	RT @ESPN_SEC // Wondering what's going on in Gainesville ... 24th Gator arrested in the past 4 years.
4	@TVXQUKnow : You are great leader , hope you and TVXQ members always succeed in music industry :D
0	@KNFA  hey with you this thing is wierd lol we need to take a freaking class to learn this thing.. i miss you
4	Figuring out how to use twitter. Slurry Hills tonight!
0	I want to go to sleep, and only wake up when my life isn't such a out of order train headed for certain doom. :(
0	@mollydogood irvine is very advantageous!! $$$
0	Looking forward to a BBQ at my Prof.'s house this afternoon!!!
4	we b coming around the mountain! Here we come!
4	pondering on the five love languages. i worry about filling everyone else's love tank. but do i fill God's love tank everyday?
0	@Chaseonlyme whats popin chick.. aye .. about that I love u message. make him know he's safe
4	Had the most beautiful swim in the ocean today. Good for the soul.
4	fun lady gaga Poker Face parody: http://bit.ly/TN0Qy
0	@MasonEMPTIUM I absolutly love that saying
0	just joined twitter!
4	is so so so so so sleepy.....
0	Hellooooo GYM! Finally decided to get ready for the fashion show that's on...FRIDAY! Ahhhhhh!
4	@thnetwork omg that was horrible.....
4	@Lexii22 Are you okay? We'll have to talk about this tonite. Get things off your mind...i'll listen. &lt;3
4	goodnight all those on twitter.
0	@kassimosgood did you read angels and demons?
0	@VideoKyle Haha, exactly! And yet I would totally live there.
4	Ugh! I hate how men play games with your mind & heart! I am totally going to live my life by the movie he's just not that into you
4	Wooppp http://twitpic.com/6p3pu
4	Working hard on counting beans, making them all neater and tidier, but the time it takes is quite obscene, yet another reasons for me wa ...
0	RaF is going good, we're moving a bit slow but its going nice
0	@julia_of_essex :-)
4	I just updated my Squidoo page: Making Money At Home Online - Is It Right for You? / http://tinyurl.com/c5a5ky
0	going to be an interesting day..
0	now the fear starts to creep in
4	We are looking for a web designer/developer to join our team at m2.  For details: http://www.m2columbus.com/webjob/m2JuniorDeveloper.pdf
0	watchin worlds strictest parents.. psshh i'd go crazy w/ parents like these!
0	Sweet 17 &lt;3 its so much better than 16 :D
4	2:41 a.m And Not Tired. I'm Not Surprised At All.
0	@michaelaranda http://twitpic.com/6ffuh - Please tell me it transformed into a huge, awesome robot :D
0	@oliviamunn I can get you FREE golf! Anytime your in the Monterey Carmel area!
4	Getting ready for the day. .  Finally
4	G'nite everybody :) ... i'm gonna dream about flying ... Jump Time less the 10 hours :)
4	Getting ready to go cuddle up to hubbie... hopefully we actually get to sleep in and then go out on the boat tomorrow and enjoy each other.
4	Getting kitten soon! Rawr
0	Started playing Rainbow Six Vegas today.  I can't believe I've never played this game!
4	lunch break. i will be glad when this day is over haha
4	McDonald's and now picking up my bro and sis. Kobe Bryant- lil wayne on the radio =)
0	Oh downtown Denver... I love you.
4	@costelloland  I can see you across the room was that tweet really necessary...like the laugh though!!   :)
4	Automatic Loveletter, I may be biased. ;-)
4	@amyjackson10  Sorry I missed you, too!  :)  TGIF!!!!
0	moved into my new place
4	ALL the pictures that were on my xD card have mysteriously disappeared.  ...including pics from last night....this SUCKS A$$!!!! GONE!
4	Today, while driving, a massive tree branch broke off of a tree and landed in the street. Right in front of me. Ouch.
4	@ilovesimpleplan haha yeah unlike SOMEBODY grrr :P
4	aslkdjuyhs i feel so akward. :/
0	I suppose it's time to go to sleep. Exam tomorrow will come regardless, but I'd rather be well rested! Tweet dreams!
4	So art walk isnt happening tonight?
4	Just got home from hanging out with my bestfriend and now i'm tired :)
4	@mileycyrus Audi TTRS is the shit ! Pref pink :D
0	is it time to go home yet?
4	Lupe Fiasco, Sebastian Tellier, Lykke Li, then PB&J.
0	Can't tell if i am having an amazing week or if Romy's CD is just that good! So excited for weekend  with dd, @KokoStanley and the girls
0	Wishing to be in San Diego making Tortilla Soup with Michelle! I plan to take it easy this weekend...need rest..zzzz  Happy May Day to all!!
4	so happy
4	@mrolove yea hopefullyyy in like june of next year I'll be done if not earlier :)
4	Very, very happy. Have to get dressed and go to the gym.
4	Changed my mind at the last minute about flying to England. I really wanted to go, but theres too much going on here for me to leave :(
4	Wiki - Digital Maoism? : http://tinyurl.com/mjfsa
0	So tired. Anaemia is wreaking havoc again.
4	@whitewytch No phone number to call.  Well that's not cool.  There should always be a number to call.
4	stupid neighbours appear to 1) never sleep and 2) never want me to sleep..
4	@alisonhaislip is there one in particular you can't get out of your head or just a montage of the library haha
0	@mrsquare Pretty typical behaviour for the Grim Reaper I believe. Considerate and has a healthy digestive system.
4	J5 on showtime right now!!!!!!!
4	becca does not suck. both nick and troy do
4	I always considered my friends as my confidence boosters.. there may be something that they are seeing in me which I can't see for myself
4	...it's an up and down day today
4	Man it is sooo nice out!:)
4	going star gazing tomorrow :)
4	Pizza by Pappas Pinball Tournament! Spiderman machine. Prize pool up to $70!
0	I pretty much just broke my toe. I dropped a stupid xbox on it. Now I believe that video games are not only lame, but also very dangerous!
4	RT @RyanSeacrest I saw this on CNN and it literally brought a tear to my eye http://bit.ly/qx23z
0	@SavageHands :D
4	@johnlacey Hey John, Print Key 2000, v5.1 is a great screen capture app, runs in the background and is always there when I need it
0	@gwcoffey too bad my birthday is always at a bad time. http://tinyurl.com/ld73ze
0	Still raining in Rome, I go to sleep...
0	@ladytia She's truly an idiot.
4	@MadisonMitchell what can your loving fans do to help
4	@evaangelinaxxx  How about ur Sunday night?
4	when will everything be fine? just fine!!!
4	I can leave 3 kids from now lol
0	#bookpopstarcrossover The Wizzard Of Oz
0	Snowing in june? Gotta love the mountains in colorado.
4	Oh I hope everyone had a good laugh...
0	stressing coz im gona miss my bus lol but of course theres always time to twitter :) yay the weekend is here!
4	@schinning wrong pic sorry
4	What do you hate about your iPhone? I want to help...and not just 'cause it's my job : ) http://www.kryptonproducts.com...
0	Had the worst sleep ever and is now getting ready to go to DFO
0	after a fun weekend and wayyyyy too much carnival food, i'm back in motown. :) molly was SO beautiful in the parade!
4	Leaving this world for a special arrangement now! :D Good night and also nice dreams! :)
4	@MarcellaAnna Ha Ha Ha, I Only Wash My Hair Like Once Every 3 Weeks :)
4	@DonGeronimo I'm thinking ice cream bowl
0	bed time had a good day :)
0	ponders why some people find it so hard to admit obvious things about themselves
0	The bacone http://tinyurl.com/crh2xt
0	why everything seems to be go far away from me?
4	Fact: The creator of the Nike symbol was paid only $35 when he created it.
4	Heading to Main Street in Jackson, TN to rock and party with our boys April Cover!
0	was looking around about #openspacecode and contemplating idea of going there for a session. I am sure I can learn lot more than contribute
0	Just joined a twibe. Visit http://twibes.com/AussieTVandFilm to join
4	I saw Victoria's Vaginaaaa :) hahahah
0	oh that is the Columbia Club...spelling a problem!
0	Sweet dreams, twitterville
4	@langfordperry Strange, because I can totally hear you say it ;-)
4	@hongyen think so... think don't need to see dr yet..
0	wow, manny pacquiao is incredible. sad for hatton, hope he calls it a day now.
0	is dreadfully low tonight...
0	why don't all aircraft have GPS?
4	mmm king taco :))
4	zomg no way!!! O_O i has nomz!!
0	studying for my final. i feel like poop
4	On my way h0me . . ^_^
4	@lalalizzie Well, duh. I don't need someone like you with a 5.8 GPA telling me that... :)
0	what was with all the police in south melbourne today?
4	Just kinda wondering...
0	helping mummy and kirsten wrap presents. then going to lunch at the surf club. yummy food. sadly my shout! grrr
4	is very surprised she made it through the day without walking out.
0	Going to sleep now so that we can be on time for church this week!
4	is sleeeepy. no work today :)
0	Sleeping in the heat is possibly the worst thing ever.
0	good night everyone....That fight was so exciting it tired me out!!
0	FUCKING PIST MARDE
4	gettin ready for a girls night out! i love pho` yummmm
4	Feeling a bit guilty over how many shoes I just bought!
4	Just watched StarGate. Damn! I love sci-fi :D
4	@barneybaby you just left me on facebook...........*cries*
0	Charlie's beer garden http://twitpic.com/4grcv
4	well... im back home. :)
0	with indi!
4	@Jemimax Yeah we went up to mote park about 2, was boiling and you will never guess who we saw, perfection is all I can say.
4	okay i gotta head to school now but i feel more like hanginh round so we'll have to see what wins in the end :)
4	twitterpated cu' mi bestfriend arrives on tuesday. :-)
4	@luckyduh you can never go wrong with a Reese's ;)
0	So grateful to God that He is with Cassidy and to quote a fav song...Everythings gonna be alright
4	My Daily Twittascope - http://bit.ly/mB8X3
0	@KellieMcCoy yeah the 15 is perfect! Is it your first Mac?
4	was up at 4:30am.....zzzzzzz......might as well get in the shower....and go into work early.....yawn.....
0	Chillin Wit My Niqq @Pisces_Afrodite @Mcdonalds Woohoo...Food mmmm....
4	@katiecouric you might be surprised, Larry King said he dated you.  True?
4	@paulbradshaw Hi! hope you have been enjoying early British Summer got a question: could you tell me what # for?
0	@quicksilver17 about what? ahaha
0	http://twitpic.com/4e4p6 - Today Ethel has four babies. Bert is attending. #fb
4	Trying my hand at writing RSpec tests this morning
4	@bartmillard sounds like a HUGE success :)
4	is off for a bike ride across to Wales.
0	About to go for coffee at knox with Sam aka Black hawk.
0	@3Seventytwo 3 cheers to that one :)
0	Is having a beer - we won!
4	@thenadas You know I asked for Clear
4	or this.Lazers+Stars=http://tinyurl.com/mm9les
0	@brisen oh definitely! Nothing Personal is gonna be epic(: I was so excited when I heard blink was back together, I screamed. No joke haha
0	Time for sleep! Lacking twitted updates lately! :/
4	A camera and three best friends can be a fantastic combo :) loving the pics.
0	@Marshadae I know it's gonna be awesome!!!
0	I can't wait until the peacocks shut up!  They really know how to spoil the sounds of a country night.  It's late.  I'm going to read.
0	@awildirishrose yeah i loved it! and we ran into jim rosko too seen the same movie at the same time, what r the odds, fun night!
4	Monday, a new week starts ... 8am -phone rings - seems over the weekend something in a server died... *sigh* omw to the office.
0	I'm sorry is redemption.
0	Is having a little tea break with stace and coetzie :)
0	Huh- why isn't anyone tweeting now? OH RIGHT ITS 5AM. GET TO SLEEP KAELAK.
4	@wendywings What a great idea - have stolen proudly.
4	is at Reagan National airport on a beautiful Sat morning, waiting to board my home flight. I just wish I'd had more sleep!
4	Just made a quick custom twitter BG, it will do for now.  Now to do some web design :&lt; and then hand paint some clouds for my game :&gt;
4	Just got my Garmin nuvi 760 GPS... It is pretty slick!
0	I'm on my way with a change of clothes. I'll be up at terrace. Text me when you're ready
0	Im going to sleep...
0	HAHA I just tried to lay on my stomach on the hammock and totally flipped over onto the ground... hahaha - that didn't work!
4	Off to the dodger game!! 5 car/van loads!! Gonna have fun!
0	Flu is in the air .... &lt;3
4	el pollo loco is nasty! haha i &lt;3 you chris.
0	Checking out TwitterBerry.
4	facebook is seriously pissing me off, atm -_-
4	Have an idea ....
4	off to fairburn. :] georgia renaissance fest, here i come!
4	@susied23 3 days!! I'm so jealous XD
0	Home sweet home
4	Wishing you a nice Saturday - the sun is smiling outside my windows and I am ready for some bicycling and brunch at my favorite bakery :-)
0	in nh for the 3rd time this weekend
0	Hit up a party in a toga (not our party), went to Lodge Bar, saw a drunk girl throw her shoe (it got hit by a car), and saw sarah drunk.
4	@patkSTEREOS You guys are awesome, saw u muchmusic and haven't stopped listening since :D
4	@johnmaeda sounds like an indian dad ;)
0	On that note im out got a 6 30 wake up call hope I dream about mr.Rossmoore again lol nitey nite tweepz
4	@CapdanMyCapdan blah! me too, twin!
4	I'm at Biddulph High School, Conway Rd, Knypersley, Stoke-on-trent, Staffordshire ST8 - http://bkite.com/06F8r
0	it is an #awesomeday today :)
4	the early bird gets the worm and today, there's lots of them out there after that rain!
0	pooool
4	xbox360 travel case is freaking nice http://www.gadgetsonthego.net/pics/xbox360case.jpg
4	Now I'm writing an employment contract. Jack of all trades, master of none... that's me!
0	The Journey of a Thousand miles sometimes ends Very, very badly!!
4	Went swimming, Saw Jaime and Malik :) haha, p.s. i have a crush on @brendonuriesays
4	I'm at The Cafe
4	Im tweeting on my phone :)
0	I scare myself sometimes
0	I made upside down pizza casserole for dinner. So easy yet soooo good!!
4	It is great to be in Honduras. It is great to have a Map!!
0	I hate how the iPod touch automaticly fixes your spelling misstakes to the wrong word...
0	Only after three though right? You guys are still coming here correct
4	Organic goods should be fair priced?
0	Watchin the simpsons movie again. Spider pig spider pig :)
0	Is getting themorning sickness :(
4	is a jittery wreck...! buying a car, a new one!! upgrading bank accounts to grown up ones! where would we be without our daddys :)
0	@MelanieFresh27 LOL :-)
0	Wish I had an iPhone. Why I need one: 1) I can update twitter via it 2) Urban Spoon! 3) It's hot and will transfer it's hotness to me ^_^
0	My African Violet is flourishing!
4	Belly up
4	Clubs have arrived!! Woohoo!!!!!!!
0	nap time.. brb. xD
4	reading papers evaulating the affects of Sept 11 on people - interesting conclusions :)
4	jaw dropper
0	I love Sundays!
0	@robotchampion I retweeted the #acleanlife charity mixer to the 3 followers that actually follow me :p
4	Crash landing back in Sydney with a massive backlog of emails and other tasks to attend to :-)
0	Weather forecast improving for race!  Time for a haircut to improve aerodynamics.
4	ok... i think i may be getting it!?!
4	Done with classes for the semester. Now just exams. and that means revision :(
4	@astrowebgirl (Ouch!) Bet ya it gets to $3 again... 
0	doing homework in depression mode.
0	Amazing morning at Elevation Uptown! Then YUMMY lunch with GREAT friends!! I'm so blessed to be in the middle of something so unbelievable!
4	| Officially hooked on Twitter. I've gone as far as downloading a Twitter app. on my Nokia E71!
0	forget baking. Grilling is definitely the 'thing to do' now. Hahahha Happy Sunday, cuties! God bless.
4	10 articles written, edited and delivered! Whoo!
0	Its so hard to enjoy sunday, cuz i know what's coming tomorrow morning.
0	buffaloooooo.....5 dayss!!!
0	Learning how to use my new phone... Twitterberry&gt;Twitterific
0	says WHOA did anyone notice the new colour filter on google image search results? You can search for apples then filter for only red ones!
0	Its gonna be a scorcher!
0	La La La - LMFAO
0	@lisawiy haha you really are an idiot.
0	going to sleep. hoping to run in the morning
4	cannot wait to see Jesse McCartney on sat!!!!!
0	@avatarkoo I SEE THAT ELMO EVERY TIME I GO TO TS. .... unless there are many of them..... ...elmo armies....
0	@iamjosh haha, what did u do?
0	Studying for math allllllll day in the library..lame.
0	I was in a store... Boom boom pow came on and literally everyone in the store was singing it was hilarious!  Ha
0	@maloi24  about what?
0	Looking forward to a fun night in Halifax :)
0	I'm convinced the weather in Seattle is bipolar and needs help.
4	In palm springs....this house is the business! Surrree missing my camera lol
4	thought the cocaine joke was hilarious, but apparently is wasn't.
0	worked m&e community booth at #javaone today. @sunchic came by & gave @mob_em & me Texas hold em cards 4contest. Then popcorn & zydeco
4	@horatiorama danke fur's Nummer ! ich fliege gleich nach Berlin :) und dann am W/E zu hause nach Leipzig :) :)
0	@coldplay - i'm excited!!! i can't wait to see the concert again in July when you guys are at Mountain view! :D
0	Excited to watch some softball with lilly an tk!
4	guess i shud go tp bed now
4	New blog post: Test push - txt only http://tinyurl.com/dc592k
0	This year the Internet turns 40.  The first message ever sent over the Internet (then ARPANET) was from UCLA in 1969
0	needs to sit down in the Thinking Chair and Think...Think...THIIIINNNKK!!!
4	@1capplegate you gotta love those cobblestone roads!  Have you been to Florence yet?  I HIGHLY recommend it!
4	@Glerbypaul that was nice to read :)
4	hey,Just signed up to this website , have no idea really how to work it :! gahx
0	@UniqueGuitarist true! Lol miss you, have to in, at skl now! Xxx
0	@whitehouse Welcome to Twitter!
4	just woke up now time to shred the track
4	DJ Destructo @ Berbati's tonight, 10PM-close. Decade-spanning pop, rock and dance, oh my!
4	Hint: The Rep system. A new direction. A new day. A new way to connect.
0	Cold beer - checked. Salty snacks (with some sweets thrown in for good measure) - checked. Action flick DVD -checked.
4	Why does it have to rain on Saturday? That's no fun!
4	Heard about Google Wave today-I should check it out tomorrow-sounds cool. Hopefully they can explain it in less than an hr to users! #google
0	night night everyone going for a nice sleep now xx
4	is off for a bit of pin pinery, then driving for the first time in about a year :S then sun time, bbq and bgt!! :)
0	A spider does what with his genitals?: Scientific American Blog - http://is.gd/M5Td
4	@solidcolors haha you look like askachola. Asian edition.
4	He Spun for Soulja Boy, Now It&#8217;s Your Turn: DJ WOOGIE, who spun for the notorious Soulja Boy in February o.. http://tinyurl.com/dbkwa7
4	@PoppyZipper hehehe you thinks like me :)
4	@Andrewhochradel Nice. Have fun! :)
0	@andrewagarcia follow @esnayoon !!
0	Geeze... how many times do I have to RE-nuke my coffee cuz I forget it in the Microwave!  I need one of those USB coffee cup heaters  LOL
0	is going insane...slowly.... :)
0	MEGAN got baptized today!
0	Just Logging tapes for Rishtay Relations, Posted pictures behind the scenes @ http://arceart.blogspot.com
0	why people telling lies to someone they pretend to love?
0	Why am I getting nervous? I've done this so many times before. Maybe it's just the anticipation.
4	@keithdsouza welcome back! :)
4	@KayLaaaDee lol..wt u mean! Thts ur freakn name cuzn..Kayla Ann I'm jus speakn truths! =)
4	@mayaREguru go get em maya
0	@bakingwithplath AMEN TO THAT SISTA!
0	Totally moved and inspired by the Valentino documentary.
4	Watching twilight....for the first time. I guess I've been living under a rock!
0	trying to figure this out
4	@SendmeAnAngel Wow That must suck O.O I hope you enjoy your day(s) off ^_^
0	Upcoming Tweet up  on May 06 from 6- 8.30 PM -speakers  include Co-Founders of Linked In and Twitter  http://bit.ly/xODvA
0	3oh3 is my new favorite group :) goooooood musicc
4	still researching earthquakes in Physical Geography
0	@angetank a male cougar is a silver fox.  At least I've heard people use that term...
4	putting Jaclyn to bed and going to sleep myself
4	likes: dioyy, hsm, summer, smiles, sleep, coffee, news, london, banksy, budwieser, eyeliner, cars.
4	Please tell me that didn't just happen...I'm going to bed...ill worry about the mess in the morning. #*-!!
0	@AlaskaLoneWolf You know it's #goodsex when the dining room at your hotel gives you a round of applause when you come down for breakfast.
4	Skotch is @ the groomers, I just washed my car, getting ready to steam clean the living room and both bedrooms!
4	i feeeeeeel sooo sick.this suxx cant even get my ass up. .been layin on my bed all day after 7days of work ugh
4	Just set up twitterberry!!!!!!
4	Happy 40th Garrett!!  :-)
0	Owen's out. He did great! Doc got all the 'rubber cement' out of his ears and tubes should stay in this time for 2 years. Thx 4 prayers! #fb
0	At home. In bed. On the phone. Missing my baby.
4	cleaning my car!
0	Just discovered that http://mailchimp.com/ has an API, with .NET wrappers even. Excellent.
4	straightened my hair... Once in a while i guess its ok...i just cant forget who i am :)
0	hey everybody can u plz vote for me at sugarloot.com gt the search link and type olivia and put 13 to 13 i girl with the black shirt on
4	Melinda... Moms calling you... Come out here
0	I didn't go to the concert. Too much like the one I'm going to be in next week. Part workshop, part party. Both pretty good.
4	i feel really sick.
4	Going to bed now..gotta get up for work again @ 4 and start @6 and off @ 4a..can't wait til I'm officially finished this week
0	@JacquelynAnn :( that is highly disturbing. I'll call Ed but I also read that there's nothing you can really do about earwigs in your house.
4	Is this the end for Estate Agents as we know it !!!  http://bit.ly/15Djpx
4	Going to hang out with friends on the San Jacinto River today. Maybe I'll get to waterski ... yay!!
4	My 9 year old is so sweet. She is secretly planning my birthday party with her aunty.She is so cute about it, of course I know nothing.
4	week of major life changes is upon us. in next 7 days i will take mcat, finish master's, turn 24, and make my improv debut!
0	on the front porch with my nigga b throwing back heinekens...getting kind of cold out here though!!!
4	Meant to live :)Swtchfoot :):) Not my real glasses on the picture :):)
0	@forty4vn congrat :))
0	Bachelor, Bachelor...
0	such a beautiful day!  I could totally sleep it away, but I won't. I will get out and pull some weeds today!  :)  Maybe the pool later...
4	i really hate when people leave ....
4	@DCrunnergrrl Haven't seen the packet's shirts yet...will check them out after I get setup (running behind this am)
4	Just accepted a job offer! Yay! So, I'll be moving to Richmond, VA after i get home from Europe.
4	http://twitpic.com/66gkb - It's so lovely to see such a sign when you're miles away from any civilization, hiking and all alone.
4	Is up and abt and off 2 ride. Wow Im impressed with myself!
0	can't believe some people's immaturity...it's just sad
4	hanging with the fam
0	DONE! booyah
4	@tariqzabian really good! good action. good story. excellent effects. nice combo of a movie.
4	packing and headed home.
4	: maybe we should get a hazmat suit as part of business travel, no? At least a bottle of antiviral flu medicine? Come on
4	Really looking forward to this weekend :)
4	Gained a level today.. Currently at level 37... going to watch Happy Lesson Final later (all 3)
0	Tambourines and elephants are playing in the band.  Wont you take a ride on the flyin spoon?  Doo doo doo.
4	My first job was selling centipedes to my neighbors for a dollar a piece, I wonder if I could do that  and round up some money for tonight?
4	Bored bored bored bored bored bored
0	bringing the boys to the barber for a haircut
0	@Teanah that's one jank ass broken link
4	Tweeting from the blackberry. Hmm...I think I like it!
4	@lizzaann *cough* torrent is your friend.
0	hey i have new videos up! rate, subsribe, and become friends with me! :D http://www.youtube.com/user/jhapgolf
4	let him come to me... all i just want to do is be wrapped in his arms and feel safe again
4	@ZeroElektronik BECAUSE MY HOUSE IS MORE AWESOME THAN REVISION.
0	today is a Juno day... then lots MORE running around
4	is up and getting the house together before her parents get here.
0	working full time ftl
4	@thespianxx hey, you coming to youth tonight? 7 30
0	Knight tweeps!
0	ummmmm hittin the sack!  Got class tomorrow!  I just luv all my facebook friends!  :)  night!
4	Omg! Meet the parents went well x x
0	Can you believe it's already Tuesday? This week sure is flying by!
0	@ahh_shazbot Definitely not ready for rain. We need some heat. It's been a really cold, wet May and June started out pretty bad :-)
4	@ChristinApril still alive? :P i hope so!
4	Test one plugin for Wordpress :)
4	i'm so excited about tomorrow night i'm smiling to myself thinking about it.
0	Off to bed. I have zero desire to go to work tomorrow. It's always freezing cold in my building.
4	just got home and about to start painting :D
4	Inspiring study this am. Encouraged to walk in the small lantern lit path God is leading me on, to make each step intentional in Him... =)
4	Hoping they don't have pollen in Havana. Seems unlikely #fb
0	Hates straight guys. They're so effing hard to understand!
0	Approach this challenge wth the attitude that measurement creates fun, excitement and anticpation.
0	Rain rain go away
4	Start Attracting more Social Media opportunities: http://budurl.com/nhlm
4	Charleston Friday night then date night on Saturday with my love, @JoeFelchner =)
0	Chillin @ home watching The Unit.
4	working on getting directory lookup working on my iPhone (Zen Directory) @myEN #yam
4	.5%
0	seriously...how come I always wanna steal John Mayers tweets...sooo darn insightful! love it....
0	@teeshalobo Hiiiiii :) How was vegas??
4	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/47uaq - YAY!!!
4	rain comes ...
0	Honda Civic EG6 vs Mazda Rx8 http://ff.im/2yNRl
0	At home with a sick baby.
0	can i graduate? :)
4	Ugh, I'm suck in Garden Center all night, fuck me...
4	why is it the night that i go to bed at 3 am, i cant seem to sleep and then get up way earlier than necessary. god damn.
4	Looks like the processor has failed or something as bad as I'm getting the LED Code of Death! Flashing-On-On! Let's hope they fix on Monday!
4	Lovin' New Zealand.
0	just finished and filed my income tax... now i can get some work done before I head to bed..
0	You can do it! #Wiebe
4	House hunting!
0	I want to go to State College to go to Baby's to eat! it's been a while...
0	@veronicaramos luckyy :)
4	Work, work all day long... I think i need to find Alan Jackson so we can have a Good Time
0	Mom left me out in the pasture and it's supposed to thunder :(
0	@vincentbarbato Awwww. Im sorrry. :(
0	Great, my cat brought a rat in and then lost it. It's going to be a long night.
0	@neoaxd www.creedthoughts.gov.www\creedthoughts
4	@ashraeann aww man, are y'all tired of Seattle already?!!
0	Omg! I just had the bitchiest bus driver of my life! Its not my fault you're fat and ugly!
0	My memaw is going for a helicopter ride. Just wish she was awake to remember it. http://mypict.me/2ocw
0	@kylie_minogue yes Matt totally reminded me of JT...kinda sad he's gone!!
4	awake. newsome call me when you wake up :)
4	Finally on our way to site :)
4	It works!
0	i joined twitter wooooo hooooo!!!!!!! Hi everyone!!!! :)
4	Homeownership!!  http://twitpic.com/6996k
0	RT @guykawasaki: How to quit and start a company. Please mark found useful if you did. http://adjix.com/8es7
0	RT @googleos Gmail Runs Faster in Google Chrome: http://tinyurl.com/dxrgap - have to agree
0	Beach with em then cell!
0	back from channel islands-already missing the ocean...
4	....you happy,then why the hell are you soooo sad??
4	I'm melting...
0	i hate working at 5am and it screwing up the whole day. meeting tonight then hopefully rehearsal
4	I'm excited to see my best friend !!
4	it's laundry day!!
4	i choose to believe people are inherently good
0	I hate not having windows in my office...come outside for my break and its pouring : / http://myloc.me/2okk
4	RT @PitBullChat: CO-Denver Court allows pit bull ban Challenge !! http://bit.ly/jvFnH hope!
4	going to bed..tired..gotta be up early in the morning to decorate cupcakes..then sisters grad party
4	Just got back into treasure troopers. Going to bed now will put up link tomorrow.
0	Time to go home.
4	is van grond
4	Falling Slowly - Glen Hansard :)
0	What's a good free mind map software?
0	I'm gonna clean my room today. Maybe throw some stuff away. Haha :)
4	Hangover is freaking hilarious!
0	is gearing up 2 teach puberty and sex ed next week...
0	@lancearmstrong After the last three weeks I think it is safe to say you will be ok!  Nice job at the Giro can't wait til June!
4	laying in bed, listening to music...it's all good :D
0	@jotulloch No problems with ATT DSL here at home, John
0	Austin SmartPhone Entrepreneurs tonight at Scholz Garden from 6-8pm. Free beer, talk shop.  http://bit.ly/I9X40
0	Stretching out my ears more. Gotta get these new 1 1/2 tunnels in!
0	is hoping that Lori gets well with a quickness, she's miserable.
4	our time on the beach got cut short by Tennessee-weird older fellow. maybe tomorrow.
4	Tommorrow is gonna be sooo much fun!!!
4	Thank you to Chas: http://bit.ly/16KPVw (via @johnbattelle)
4	is single.... whoohoo?
0	Take her out somewhere an spend the whole day wit her.
0	Listening to music & silently being eaten by my stomach 2.5
4	#dublin #traffic link road from sandyford to dundrum m50 slip is brutal. Avoid like the plague :( too late 4 me
0	Is very tired and doesnt want to go to job number two tonight
4	How hard is it to differentiate a 4 from a 0 on a vending machine? What iswrong with me? I wanted Doritos not Jalapeno Cheetos!! oh well lol
4	lol.Yeah, yeah. So I found Jeff Hardy's twitter page. Excellent!
0	Clairvoyant cavewoman dumping her immature boyfriend: Yeah, call me when you've grown up. And the telephone's been invented!
4	@smashingmag Would they have this puppy?? http://thurly.net//0ec
0	Need to work off those jack in the box tacos !
0	Heading to LA in a little bit
4	Just saw Night In the Museum 2, with the fam, Great movie by the way :)
4	Long day today - lots of goodness tomorrow and the rest of the week!!  FIRED UP!
0	If you're a multi disciplined man, you could be a polymath. But a woman is a fearsome creature to behold. Whatever, sexist world.
4	looking  at houses :)
0	mr3oba mn el mada el teeeeeeeet de :((
0	i love these warm days, i could get used to this
0	I wish I had a camera so I can take a pic of the women with the toilet paper hanging out of her pants!!! Lmao
4	You know what I really want? Spell check inside the YouTube comment box.
4	2:50am and I have been in bed since 12...I well have insomnia
0	@melanie_seibert haha I'm curious to try but I love original recipe and crispy KFC ckn
0	Relaxing before work. I get to bartend tonight :)
0	With cory, lauren and aaron :) gettin our food on!
4	Kroger is the new south pole.
4	loves the weather :)
0	sitting on the grass in front of my work, waiting for my mommy to pick me up. it so pretty outside. it feels good! =]
0	Wondering whether or not that birdy just escaped death by my fender.
0	watched the sun rise this morning with little carton of milk in hand... it's the little things.
4	is waiting hopelessly for Futur Music Magazine JUNE 2009 ! :(
0	www.wintecind.com is back online. hustle hustle IT, we've made some changes
0	Making it official and changog my name on everything! :)
4	@a_dias i believe you have other things you should be concerned about right now. i am still so mad.
0	@AOTS ....Find the equivalent of John Connor and join him in the fight against the machines...first I would need to survive the nuclear war
0	It's a beautiful day at the Santa Cruz harbor. #fb
0	Omfg its sooo hot :(
0	just you and your mind and Lake Shore Drive, tomorrow is another day.
0	Studing for the GRES which I take tomorrow
4	Wearing my Bookstock shirt & wishing Jamaica a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
4	FF eHug Male Writer @lennyonthego & his partner @NoreSoHarlem ! Unique pair !
0	Aloha burger with ducks :D
4	Marry me juliet!!... http://short.to/6wc3
4	ugh... more silly fuckups at work. Longest week ever. : (
4	gets the undesirable urge to spend and consume, it's not good and it's not clever and it's not really very healthy either...
4	Thoughts are things. You are what you think about. Positive and negative.
4	@mthed4 wish i could join!
4	Crazy busy at work today. Yay for recession!
0	At the MAVS game! Woot!  http://twitpic.com/4vcsa
4	Surfing through the web right now, have to go to work in an hour. I give my favourite Step-Aerobics-class -  that's lots of fun!!
4	BUSY WK!!! Fleetwood Mac concert, RENT@In Dallas, then Becky's CD Release Party! Luv u Becky. I miss u all!!! Thanks 4 all the support :)
0	Just realized I can't take a conversation involving the word fudge seriously anymore...
4	caaaampinggg! :D
0	I'm too sleepy to do homework.
4	#asylm--VIDEOS. NOW. How much do you all have left for the day?
4	Is getting the microwave. Will I ever have all the stuff I need? Lol.
0	If I had schadenfreude for my own activities, everything I do on my computer would be HILARIOUS.
4	How is it possible to get so sidetracked on Twitter? Must stay focused...
4	going to Night of Comedy tonight @ Posttheater Arnhem
4	wants a lazy dayy; mum dosnt agree :(
0	Wow, major stomach ache :(  going to take a nap n see if it'll go away. Errrr
4	off now for a swim in the pool, its 6:47pm and still sunny :)
0	Finally jumped on the bandwagon
4	Matt got 4.0 of course
4	wheres she FREAKING at?! It's past 11:00PM already!!!
4	there is seriously some problem with my EARS :(
0	So tired, but can't sleep :(
4	Oh goodness.  I'm still awake, and I'm leaving early in the AM to go to ATL...
4	Going to bed proud of the fact that I found a Peg Perego stroller in great condition at a garage sale today for $10!  WooHoo!
4	is about to go to bed i'm sleepy,sleepy,sleepy,sleepy,sleepy,sleepy :)
0	I just made yummy pork chops.
4	Far Better Than an MBA...And at a Fraction of the Cost! http://aweber.com/b/1VDWN
4	home from work, sleeep, detention tomorrow 8-11, FML -_-
0	HELP I NEED A NERD! My dad broke the router!
4	zoo 2day!!! cant wait!!! baby shower 2mar
0	Is Star Trek the best Trek film? Maybe. But it's also the least watchable - unless you're on speed! What's with the lens flares & cuts???
4	@RobPattzNews is @nhoustonreed really nikki reed? she's tweeted that Rob and Kristen have twitter accounts
4	is watching hannah montana :))))))))))
4	Time to go to bed. Selling a lot of pies very early in the am. Pray that we bank some nice coin :)
0	12.45 am I can't sleep & Im up at 5am thank god for realradio :)
0	@FelippeBiatti LOL Espe is a riot
4	chewing gum and straightening hair. how amazing :)
4	now on geni.. nice family tree site :)
0	@SherriEShepherd did that work?
4	Wow super long day! Going to dreamland now good nite twitters!
0	@jordanknight hi jordan, thanks for thinkin of us out of the states, that just shows that all your fans are important, cant wait 4 more news
0	I feel a sore throat coming on! Nooooooo!!
0	@Antiuse are you there?
4	The Real War is the War on Consciousness, Wake Up and Escape the mind control of Virtual Insanity. -quoted by a Peruvian Shaman.
0	Time to wash the cars
4	Jewelry pictures taken in Murano Italy posted, take a look on my blog at http://jewelrydiy.blogspot.com
4	wolverine nite! yaayy...cant wait 2 c ryan ...luv him :)
4	@tindling for a course work is making me do. fucking horrible
4	Seeing UP in 3D with the little bro :) #fb
4	Beautiful sunny weather.  Going to go outside and plant blackberry bushes, blueberries and strawberry starts.  fun fun fun!
4	Had an amazing night with only the best of course &lt;3
4	RT @bachtrack just got lovely review in from 13 yr old. I offer teens free tickets for reviews.  http://bit.ly/ctJ8n
4	@illuminaughtyx Ah. That clarifies things somewhat.
4	I feel inspired today :)
0	On my way to concert on the lawn.
0	@taradeguzman I agree!! My bf is an engineer and fixes everything for me; computers, car, and [best of all] ikea furniture! hahaha
4	@djsargent :)
0	@casademora re: #railsconf wrapup. sounds fun! my schedule is packed but i *might* be able to make time.
4	CHECK OUT THE NEW TRICKS AND TUMBLES 4 http://bit.ly/1aA0t9
0	I need to find a job asap!! any suggestions?
0	Finally at the doctor
4	Dear @thebodyshop 's aloe lip treatment,  I foresee a long and beautiful relationship with you. Love, Kerri
4	There's no place like home http://twitpic.com/4dxdh
4	boys are DUMB.
4	Watched Yann Arthus-Bertrand's HOME last night with the family -  http://www.home-2009.com/us/index.html  -- nicely done & free to download.
4	Just realized I missed the last night with Jay Leno !! Conan O'Brian better learn how to be funny soon!
4	Off to the Peak District to rock climb. Please can someone arrange some sun?
0	@lollymurphin How in hell will your mum cope with this?? I can barely do it!
0	Just come back from a spooky Fright Night at Oxford castle - very cool :-) There was a seance and a guy fainted!!!
0	new on teejunc: $10 Sale at Beetnik Aesthetics http://tinyurl.com/pvr9me
4	just ate cold chinese food.
4	Happy memorial day
0	Didn't remember the Top Gun soundtrack sounding so good before. Makes me wanna watch it now.
0	*breathes* XD
0	im tired and i lost my commerce sheet so i cant do the hw?? :S
0	is feeling better, looking forward to be one of the boys again.And feels like eating Yum-Cha with her Mum
4	thinking. O_o
0	@PatoGuy no it was mine really b/c he said are you caught up yet and I said yes because I didn't know what day it was. epic fail.
4	Enjoying Remote Desktop over internet using Hamachi... So exciting!!! :) XD :)
0	Ordered Angel Wings from Thai Dishes... AGAIN!  On a Thai food kick!
4	@glimpses I know the feeling!
4	@prp2 thanks for the tip!!! I'll check it out:)
4	good nite yall.
4	Pulling a dave grohl and playing every instrument
4	The combination of long hair, high winds & cliffs is not good. I brought scissors & I may use them. Jodi - you may need to do some repair.
4	@Shidshid it's great to see you tweeting. don't forget to install twitterfox ;)
4	Listening to all of The Fall's albums since 1992's Code-Selfish back to back since yesterday ... Wishing I'd started with Dragnet ('79)
4	@lullabyexile haha yeah i saw that i havent listened to it yet...is it good?
4	@OliBrownBand sold a couple copies of your album whilst playing it this afternoon. Pleasing. :D
4	If you got nothing to do, come on down to laugarvegur and listen to the Missouri ppl play some music outside of glaetan!
0	@infernalserpent I napped too.  Maybe good things will come of this?
4	I've put this on every social networking I have but just one more :P I bought a GNW video for $1.50!! ZOMG!
0	Blizzard hare having problems with their patch since Tuesday maintenance even know they brought them down early.
4	50 Incredible Apple Desktop Wallpapers http://bit.ly/OfApr
4	@JhonenV what are you currently working on?
0	*cough cough cough* doctor suspect whooping cough... damn it
4	about to hit the gym... im sun burnt! -_-
4	Line 'em up n knock'em off... Now serving number 14, next!!   And the BBC asks, Are You Being Served?
0	Back from Dundee. Excellent gig... Dark and dingey atmospheric flea pit.... felt like home....
4	i have never even heard about Britains Got Talent until Susan Boyle got on it But i mean go her doesn't look like she has much going for her
4	you'll never catch the dragon..
0	has arisen. (: http://plurk.com/p/xzja7
4	@joshuadraws There is always Vault Of Midnight. If you go to Pete's let me know!! I want bubble tea &lt;3
4	going to bed. I speak to no one....as no one follows....lmao. but I like just gettin it out there :) thanks all!
4	doing laundry... waiting for my cleaning rags to dry so i can start dust cleaning! :)
0	reading for a while then bed..long day tomorrow
0	english exam tomorrow, not sure how i'm meant to study for it, ahhh!
0	Callin it a night ..... Good night everybody
4	Stopping on the way home to see Up!! :)
4	and an ammmazing night! annd to top it all off won a free yougurtland t-shirt! :)
4	http://twitpic.com/69tzx - GAP's new ride!
4	Couldn't sleep after a very late night/morning ;) off for a hair cut, then to be a lady what lunches... not too sure about the lady bit tho!
4	Mile Elgan's ComputerWorld article on Zoho Mobile is on digg front page now : http://bit.ly/PGmfO
4	Bowls before the rain :)  http://twitpic.com/4e451
0	Why does everyone keep telling me I look like gwen stephani? I DONT
0	Have I told you lately that my lip hurts?
4	don't trust a hoe by 30H!3  i love it! :):):):)
0	just got home... haha oh the squire...
4	: nothing like pure rage to get you going in the morning...
0	Loved the new Stat Trek movie!
0	Is feeling good these days
0	All alone until tomorrow. empty house is empty...and lonely. Wanted to go the the show so bad tonight but god forbid i make anything awkward
4	@NathanFillion Going to see it today....Can't wait...  =)
0	bed.....:)
0	no to school...bad--&gt;having a execution :( and later bio with my stupid teacher...
0	Big surprice day... Dammit I'm tired!
0	@CreativeDamages yeah... real great program lol
0	Seeing Star Trek at the IMAX, Sydney. Margaritas afterwards!
4	@ChrisEYB jet black & jealous! Lol should have known....
0	i dont want the spotlight, money, or anything... just a meet and greet lol... not that twitter could help.
0	CHUCK BASS! thanks lindsey! :D
4	Playing beach volleyball!
4	haveing lunch at my favorite place HOOTERS
0	is making candles bcoz I have no net for the next 24 hrs lol
4	made some egg flower soup and now i'm hittin the shower to get ready to go SHOPPING! hell yeah!
4	Eating a wonderful organic piece of Kathy's homemade strawberry shortcake! :) - http://bnup2.com/p/568577
4	@LadyDelphina Hi there!Sorry I've not tweeted for a while, but I haven't been online. Service wil be back to usual soon I hope!
4	Finally getting around to selling a bunch of gear on Craigslist.  Man this stuff is going fast!
4	is chili dog + chips for lunch!! yummmy! (hungry) http://plurk.com/p/rc648
4	Meeting today with Point & Find. Very nice tech.
4	had a fun night with the girls..saw LA REVE at the Wynn then had some late night fast food adventures with the best! great night! =]
4	work work and more work, learning & creating= BUSY.  But I'm alright with that!
4	I see such good music here, and so much, I go out with high expectations. I had a good dance still, caught up with a few people..
0	off to take pain pill & sleep. Gotta get invoice to client tomorrow & then get her bracelet ready to be mailed :) Nite all!
4	Going for the stroller buying record. 3rd purchase:  BOB revolution for jogging.
4	I'm at the beverage people. this is where beer comes from.
0	Discovering what's twitter all about...
4	bald weinfest ^_^ gestern war's lustig.. *mit anna und tobi und daniel und elisa zu tanke gerannt und smirn of ice +redbull cola geholt* xD
0	@mbstockdale I read the story on you FB status! My heart is totally breaking for this family :(
4	raining raining raining
0	I wish all mother's of children and pets a happy mother's day tomorrow. Until we tweet again... http://yfrog.com/0onwlj (via @Alyssa_Milano)
0	@majestia19 I am flabbergasted! Rubbish collection should be a basic, tax funded utility, with integral recycling. Time for a revolution.
4	Rain early today, now a beautiful Saturday!
0	@emilin93 i wish cleaning was all in the head lol i wouldnt mind doing it then
0	@KevinRuddPM Dear PM, although you might not be discriminating international students, the immigration department sure does.
4	@madlawstudent @huma_rashid Sh'ia sects are worse in some aspects.. but my family (mom's side and parts of dad's) are pretty liberal
4	Shopping a little at Northlake, dinner, then NWA Charlotte. Wonderful day!
4	Hi casey.
4	Wedding :].. I wanna get married now haha
0	@lim_mari i think heartache is inevitable especially in LOVE..... :)
0	Home sweet home.
0	is at a coffee shop for tonight!
0	yahoo saw my first black skimmer. sure ive seen em before, but not since i was looking.
0	i hate watching kung fu panda because it makes me hungry for chinese food :@
4	has a broken screen on her phone, off to get a new one and ditch college? methinks yes.
4	just got done with the first recital. now i have to wait and do a whole nother one. woohoo!
4	My freckles are out and about! ;) Hello summer!
0	needs a new bed,cupboard,bras that actually fit properly and wouldn't mind a working laptop either.money make your way to me
0	@Emi_xoxo Yeah I suppose thats the important thing. Still not a good time for you to be worrying :(
4	Walking around Harvard on this beautiful day. The weather is perfect.
4	sushi with the girls!
0	@ijustine OMG you've never seen it! i'll watch it wit u LOL you might have to fly to Aus though or wait till August when i fly to LA HAHA
4	#follow @PleaseSeeUs because we ALL LOVE...um...motorcycle riders. :-) Seriously, safety matters when there's only air b/w you & hard places
4	@LKDEERE awww, but u know how we get ourselves into trouble rooms!!
4	Cold and dreary..... great monday
4	@Sstephanie13 HIIIIIII!!!!
4	Having a burger at Puckett's Grocery in Franklin
0	dont feel good inc. sleepy time
0	is not too sure!
4	@buy_com I have completed the Tweet n Seek product hunt!  wehooo!
4	is packing so she can move tomorrow!
0	ganna play wii later
0	@retrothemeparks The new site is great! I love the video previews
4	I'm so excited to see Dane Cook tonight!!!
4	The Smile on your face is the light in the window that tells people you're at home! Try smiling and see what a response you get from others
4	John made chicken n dumplins. Collin won basketball championship and Ella won 3rd grade spelling bee. WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER!!!!!!
0	@tdejager210 Hear about The Chops out there yet? Ugh!
0	Off to get the bus and meet up with that team.Wish us luck in the tournament!But we just wanna kick Aberdeen Uni's arses again haha
4	On my best behavior for His Holiness :) i'm PSYCHED!
4	sunny day, holidays and coffee &lt;3 perfect :D
4	I really just have a degree because it looks nice hanging on my wall. Lol.
0	Oh my god hang up lets text eachother. We are both here. What do we do? what do we do?
4	LA Times covers the Murphy-Goode gig on Friday! Nice. http://bit.ly/HbsPx #areallygoodejob #murphygoode
4	Just found this completely accidentally: http://is.gd/Q3RK - funny thing is, I made almost the same shot :) http://is.gd/Q3Ts
0	I'm getting bad vibes from both sides now. Not like I'm being pulled apart anymore; more like I'm being pushed into myself. IN.DE.PEN.DENCE
0	Needs someone to talk tooo! lara is boring me -_-, just tricking heh heh. AMY COME ON MSN YOU SLUZZZZZZZZZZZZ!
4	http://twitpic.com/6qgnd - 6 AM. My own bedroom. The sun is rising, and i'm still awake. Why does this place feel so strange to me?
4	RT @A2B2 Pls RT. Want to be part of something bigger? http://www.couragetojump.com Inspire courage. Be fearless. Help raise money for LLS.
4	is getting ready for the olivia-filled weekend extravaganza. =) #fb
4	Contemplating a trip to the Farmer's Market in the rain. Are the fresh strawberries worth it?
0	My new blog address - http://www.missthonnthonn.com/
4	Is working from home, should be sitting in the garden with a laptop and a long cool drink :-)
4	and im soooo tired
0	The Spill Canvas&lt;3
4	omg best playoffs ever go king kobe
0	@lindz3492 oh no! How old is he?
4	@Regancb not even a little.
4	!!! You're going down in iTunes! And my iPod! =)
4	Nate & Elizabeth's wedding was sweet :))
0	@shylilchina Happy Mother's day!
4	Mortgage has been paid, salary has been earned, garden is growing.  It's a good day to be a right wing extremist.
4	Just realised it's over two years since I've seen my youngest sister :(  Must try to reconnect today at lunch. Doesn't time fly by quickly?
4	I can't connect to Gmail with the mail client on my iPhone.  Says SMTP is unreachable. Works fine on my PC. I hate Rogers.  :(
4	Oh, why do I always have to have a stomach ache in the morning? x__x
4	Another day getting kids ready for school.... I can't believe it's nearly the end of the week :)
4	Is anybody else having issues with their twitter backround?
4	@gmishra Chrome is good but still it doesn't have all the features of Opera
4	@THE_REAL_SHAQ  any idea what weekend your golf tourny in BR will be this year and hopefully not at Carter Plan
0	Nighty night!! Work in the am!! Back still hurts for some reason :(
0	Experience is most costly thing. You buy it with mistakes. This is only asset that will apricate for sure. And no one can take it from u.
4	Is being ruthless with telemarketers trying to scam me
0	@patrickvhester really?! no way! then no more high school?! and off to collage?!
0	@MetricBand Thank you for writing Help I'm Alive.
0	okay...finally going to bed....I need some suggestions of good mobile sites. I need stuff to look at when I am bored :-p ttyl
4	@inspiredmess yay! We're having sushi for dinner 2. Happy bday weekend!
0	I swear to god this is not funny 02:30,03:30 and now 05:30 flipping heck. Bloody fire alarms.
0	I learn things from that channel
4	Aw   @joshiewashie is making me pancakes   :)
4	The frist few days of summer have always been slow web sales days for us but it still does not make it any easier to handle.
0	@ChaChaKerry lol funny we just talked about this yesterday, i'm like what the helll is she talking about british woman? lol then i realized
0	Happy Mothers Day!
0	When are you going to be in Brownwood?
4	ugghh i hate being sick!!!!
4	Getting a group together to hike next saturday. Who's in?
0	Vegas trip is winding down. wifey is gonna take a nap, I might hit up some blackjack!
0	My tummy hurts alot !!
0	I wanna be paris hiltons new bff... that would be HUGE!!!
4	BBQ w/ family. &lt;3
0	still pretty tired....i think i'll take a nap..
0	Ugh facebook is overwhelming!!
4	I'm proud of myself today! No food!
0	Got the BrainBone daily question right! :D - http://bit.ly/RG7XA
4	Just added myself to the http://wefollow.com twitter directory under:  #bedandbreakfast #inns #food
4	tetris rock all u
0	http://twitpic.com/4vbpy - The theater is all mine, looking forward to xmen!
0	Baby, where'd you get your body from? Tell me, where you'd get your body from? HMD :)
4	and natalie are lying in the sun under coconut palms looking out over mango bay. Looking forward to the zip line this afternoon :)
4	Registering for classes next year at Tulane!
4	@johnholzer well shit happens. it's a beautiful day, go enjoy it with yvonne :)
4	i should really be working on school-work right now...
4	Me and B are at Macys for like the 3rd day in a row..lovin' this 25% off sale!
4	...donnie darko 2 out may 12th!!!!!
0	done wid my design at last.. hav to submit it today
4	going to sleep funfair tomorrow weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
0	working on city development story... quite timely i think...
0	SO WOW WORK SUCKED TODAY PEOPLE IS MAD RUDE SOMETIMES YOU DIG
4	5k at nissequogue with family, neighbors & the rest of kings parkk :D
4	Going downtown
4	thankful for the nice weather :)
4	Is piano
4	avoiding folding laundry. . .
0	Happy Mothers Day, moms!!!
0	http://dallas.craigslist.org/dal/mis/1202747026.html (no, i have no time on my hands right now)
0	the kids seem much better today thank goodness. no electricity due to works in the area earlier so now i'm playing catch up on internet.
4	@RomeZa I don't call u???? Uhuhhh u no pick up on meeee!!! Why u no call me? U kno me love uuu sooo muchhhh no matter whattt ...
4	@meganskehan lol i feel like a doll .. i don't even look like myself ... its weird =/ you'll see in about 2 1/2 hours :)
0	is ready to get her hair cut finally.
4	gym
0	@MiserySignals Yeah dudes-really meant a lot that you guys played it esp. cuz he'd just had it finished up yesterday-you guys tore it up too
4	@tygr20 Good luck! - from the master of being broke as sh**! :P (High school AND college student, oh yeah, I have experience :P
0	is watching arthur ;)
4	cleaned my car. never have before...got it two years ago. haha.
0	G has given up the fags today and is being so hideously grumpy am close to begging him to start again.....or is that his plan hmmm??!
4	@Y2Amber HEEELLO! =D
4	@thequestcrew damn rite
4	Wish I had more monies.
4	Boating on Lake Washington, man is it beautiful today! #iloveseattle
0	going to be weird visiting sydney uni this morning, back to 01 all over again!
4	@lucyreveur oooh, tell me about it, was very hard to follow, and keanu's gray hair was ridiculous (loling)
4	@_ena_ Thanks for dropping by our website then :) You're up early on Sunday morning eh?
4	i love my girls. what would i do without you?? :-D
4	@JAYDED_DREAMS i would take a look at it, but if you have those ttwo the other two are almost dupes of paradisco and starsn rockets.
0	@DejaNYC you should've put your items up there and the told the cashier, you were all together! :-)
4	@susieblackmon You're welcome.  Yes, great story!  What an amazing race! #Derby
0	@That1guyty Yeah, I might be able to work something out for 7 pm, what time are you gonna go and how long?
4	39/50 - didn't pass :( one point lacking... urgh... but this result is still good because I hardly prepared myself :)
4	Annoyed.
4	http://twitpic.com/44ncb - Silver-plated cross | Glass beads, blackstone, and blue goldstone | $9.50
0	Warseeker Tribe, Aggramar stormed through Ulduar 10 tonight.  We downed Hodir on 2nd attempt ever. We rock. True story! http://bit.ly/1asKLY
4	Enjoying my lunch....brandon bought me lasagna last night from an Italian restaurant.....yumm leftovers!!!!!
0	how bout them royals?
0	@iamdiddy 1. Biggie, 2. Jigga. Done.
4	@lisarinna I agree. IDK why Tori did to her mother for her to says things like that to the public.
0	erlang segmented http file downloader. coded in one day:  http://tinyurl.com/qfs9q4 yes #erlang is that #awesome
4	In the SAV! I am ready to go to Nashville now...
0	Why do I continue saying things I know I will regret later on?! And be friends with people who are really bad for me?!
0	@GrantScissorboy $800 a haircut?? I could do hair for a million years - and know everything- and couldn't convice mysllf to charge $800!!
0	@smiling I suppose that's fair. I just wonder sometimes how we became a culture of live to work instead of work to live.
4	Just got out of the river and going to eat free subs :)
4	Guess I'm going out to have a drink maybe though I shouldn't.
0	@beatperminute you too :)
0	I'm Getting a drum kit XD!! friend is in the process of bringing it to me yipeeeee XD
4	my cat is the coooolest cat alive! and thats fact :)
0	@donttreeriddle Good luck, love. Hope they all go smoothly. PS: I now haz Peggle! Woot!!
0	is it me, or does nancy pelosi get uglier every time i see her?
0	packing is difficult for me, way too much stuff
4	cute.  I'd like to sketch my tweets. http://top.sampottsinc.com/
4	Lewis Hamilton must be sooooo pissed off. Out on the first round of qualy
0	Propellerhead has awexome online support!
0	Why do utd keep teasing me :(
0	I just made a yummy lunch!
0	New Blog: Book Pre-Order--- http://bit.ly/jgS5v
4	ahhh haven't been feeling the same ever since, well lets not get into that. had a nice date with derrick. hopefully post prom later! =]
4	Chillin with my little man on a Sunday morn :) http://twitpic.com/6ae0y
0	Aaaaah. Taking a deep breath.
4	Copyrights & Campaigns: Labels cite academics' emails in Tenenbaum ...: Finally, Wendy Seltzer, http://angstro.com/12535124 #Wendy_Seltzer
4	i just got home & my room is tore up from da flo up, literally. bye bye carpet! i'm on my bed in a corner with my desk. this is fun
4	sat IIs blah
0	@Cronotriggers don't you worry your pretty little head about it :)
0	just sittin...listenin to godsmack waitin on the brother to get here. what are you doin?
4	Family time + voting in the John Lennon Song Competition! http://www.jlsc.com/vote
0	@alaina_ ahahaha. I love you too ;)
0	Moving is such a pain!
0	@nickybyrneoffic yh good luck for tomorrow got my fingers crossed for you x
4	is running out of time. Oh no.
4	Just got his grub on at the Galleria. Mmmm.
4	Well good luck and when in doubt fake it  lol
4	New blog post about the joys of journaling (good rainy day activity : ) http://motherhoodoutloud.wordpress.com/
0	Shut eye.
4	Chase field.  http://twitpic.com/6ahcd
4	Boreeed... But... only 3 exams left (y)
0	RT @bbcnews Europe prepares to launch the 1.9bn-euro Herschel and Planck observatories from the Kourou spaceport.. http://tinyurl.com/ow35d3
0	Thinks he was sitting near @mike_moran at Ross Noble
0	nighty night tweeters ! sweet dreams x
0	Bikes* not bike. But the sportbike would be fun too haha
0	@_pants I agree but for different reasons...
4	@bifnaked Holy shiot!  No wonder I don't have legs as great as yours, I am only at 120lbs for 40 reps - I am kickin it up next week!  =)
0	Im back... i love to show my new tan to everyone. My problem after a perfect holiday? I find it difficult to get back to the real world.
4	sitting out back nothing else to do
4	Re-imagining Democracy : http://www.re-public.gr/en/?page_id=7
4	Off to the beach!! wooo soaking up some Sicilian sun (and healing my bike wounds)    :(
0	@robinwarren #SaveEarl that would be awesome, but apparantly Jaime Pressly and Jason Lee are scared of being typecast so possibly not :(
4	good morning , i slept in  :) and why not i deserve it
0	school now, dramas trip with @abbiemichie after lunch :)
0	BING = But It's Not Google..hahhahaha..what a way to start off...
4	Giving Colby an unwanted and very unpleasant Counting Crows concert while I edit photos.
4	why oh why am I embarrassing myself like this.
0	I needa stop tweeting(?) and sleep
4	bought a shaver for zillion $.  Waterproof, titanium, 3 heads that defy physics, looks like it comes from the future. Doesn't cut face hair.
4	@SUSUH Nice new Avatar! :)
4	Wondering why poor little Pixel has a droopy tail today :( How does a little cat who doesn't go outside hurt herself?!
4	Going to see 'Spring Awakening' tonight!!! So exciting!!!
0	@peeny watching twilight rob patz is wierdly attractive when I marry him I will inform you what he smells like lol!! Hope your ok dude :) xx
4	Uploading some new stuff to Flickr :) http://www.flickr.com/photos/knittedpainting
4	@MeetYoLe Thanks for the #FollowFriday rec. Folks, follow this guy!
0	Mad I can't meet @mrskutcher or @aplusk @ 9:30.....
4	@PKGulati Abu dhabi is great! Continues to keep this country on its feet :)
4	Thought my golf twits would like this. Warning: don't share with young chldren! http://bit.ly/18wubI
4	Back in town ;)
4	AHHHHH!!! Leaving the hotel NOW! Cannot wait to see Paramore and No Doubt!!!!!!
0	@realmfox Too gorgeous...the haters are only jealous.. althogh im sure you already know this! hehe.... much love
4	Here we go! Day 2! Going to the zoo!  Will tweet later!  :))
4	FEELIN the poolside action!!  Gettin ready to bbq :)
4	@baconvodka It's too bad we don't have a liquor license!
4	HD video cameras are great...but storage and video editing is a huge problem......
4	@ cheesecake factory with my twinn tatiana :)
4	What do you hate about your iPhone? I want to help...and not just 'cause it's my job : ) http://www.kryptonproducts.com...
4	@DonnieWahlberg you can come visit me - next time you are in the UK!  USAF base RAF Lakenheath... :)
4	@KatieQuill quilly! Where you goin'?
0	have just finished watching Big Trouble In Little China, i love that film so much
4	WTH david carridine?  Shesh!
4	'Magnet winner and MERMAID SALE' http://tinyurl.com/cdooex
4	Having a nice rocket & pear salad with breaded calamari. http://twitpic.com/4gmai
4	24wings later...
0	Bed with my man http://twitpic.com/54sle
0	@jpmetz YAY! are u in love with it yet?
4	@XbennygX I'm watching that too!
4	Good night
0	waking up at 5:30 better get to sleep now
0	im in trouble im an addict im addicted to this girl. shes got my heart tied in a knot and my stomach in a whirl. - cutest song ever.
4	Only at drama school... Would you get asked, can you read a list of words for me, I need to learn your voice...
4	playing computer game
4	Haha looking 4ward 2hughesy's midget joke,love a good joke about those lil fellas..dwarfs, midgets, carnies... Hahathose words alone-pisser!
4	@Thao123 Hehe. Oh. I sleep 2-4 hours a night and I'm healthy. I hate sleeping. =)
4	Screaming...I want my chicken porridge!!!!
4	@adittio loe kedinginan? Mmm..dusta! emg BFF nya kemane? Break up ya!???
4	with@lukechaffin in the edit bay @Wsbtv.  future reporter, here! with his own personal producer, of course! :)
0	it turns out it is like riding a bike
4	is getting for a big day of competition!!!
4	Headed to Komen Race at Shops at Legacy. Idle Hands playing--early this morning!
4	heya Omaha, NE ready 2 kix this thingz off ? haha check this dude out we gotta getz him in the band www.youtube.com//v/8lGZhFrrz20&hl=en ...
4	@ronnieledesma (you got some competition) Beat Box Champion  http://ow.ly/a7nk
0	I always blow my money
4	Back in the big apple tomorrow! Staying with Steph till Wednesday!
4	red-eye reptiles smiling coke smiles...right now.
0	stupid teyona, yay jordan went home, night night
4	re-doing my wall :D
4	mwahahaha, packing WIN. take THAT, tiny suitcase from hell! *victory dance*
4	fuck yes! moving house!! hahaha WAHOOOO !!!
4	@thepioneerwoman -- in the red toenails pic.. what kind of shoes are those? Love them!
4	100th tweet!!! Yay :)
4	Playing FPS games is actually an accurate simulation of being deployed, at least for me. Since that's all I do here. :) http://tr.im/kkBR
0	This is a lot harder than I thought. Great.
4	is very tired now, but has got a banner done yay! More tomorrow peebles! :)
4	@BeckieHubbard who is not who you thought?
4	Mom's Weekend at OU...one of the many perks of being a Bobcat!
4	Made some good progress with TwitterHIT automation today... should go live very soon.... ;)
4	Haha. Bekah just sat in a plate of fries
0	I'm getting over jet lag. but had a good night at the mulligans with friends and making your own pizza's mmmmm
0	At breakfast with @soitscometothis at Kitchenette before he goes to work. Egg whites, smoked turkey & tomato on a homemade biscuit. Yum!
0	@travitaemorte Yeah, something like 50-60 miles, I think?
4	hating the weather right now :( SHITEY belfast
0	http://twitpic.com/6d3u8 -
4	The BUSY Weekend has begun....
4	going out with the girls tonight. :)
4	Feels really weird to pretend to not know they are looking at you when you feels their eyes starring....
0	@JordanCondra poor jordan went to see star trek 4 days ago and must have gotten lost in space! where are you! ;)
0	@KassanLeavens Are you comming to Youth tonight, Kassy?
0	@PLANEFREAK_201 babes you really need to figure out your password!
4	Teaching 2 hoop dance classes tonight and then Hoop Unit rehearsals
4	It's bed time for moi! :)
0	OK,  our stand at V-ICT-OR is build up, now finishing my presentation, and putting it on our Microsoft Surface
0	is at work until 8 for some training. 12 hour day... *sigh*
0	summer sooon (H) woo, Turkeey:)
0	23.5 hours of editing (10 alone today) later, I finally have a documentary I don't completely hate.  w00t.
0	Sun shines again... It will be a nice Formula 1 weekend here in Istanbul..
0	I love photo hunting dwntn after 1am!
4	I think I'm calling it a night!
4	coughing myself to death
4	Who gets a steak at greek village, eh @JePapantoniou? Haha
0	@Jamiebower ... whoa! thats great stuff! :)
0	off to no black tie #gmaps
0	one in the morning and I gotta wake up early.... sheeeeeit...
0	Yawn! Spent the whole night listening to FTSK!!! Awesome stuff though.
4	I ate some bugs/I ate some grass/I use my hands/To wipe my tears...
4	@rosst99 dude ross noble is like my jesus!! The guy is my hero. What made you ask that anyway?
0	We looked like giants in the back of my grey subcompact. Fumbling to make contact. As the others slept inside
4	Due to a loose usb port, I need to exchange my phone. No data plan for me today. I have to return to Beaumont first.
4	Is trying to stay up with crystal :)
4	I don't want to get up. That means I have to start packing : /
4	@bfiori great idea Filo! Who's with us? Let's BAN all scales from planet Earth! They weigh us wrong anyway! NO more scales! NO more scales!!
4	Im bored.  Do something. :P
4	@lancearmstrong Just thought about that you did not have a doping control for a longer time (longer than 3 weeks??) How unusual. ;-)
0	Pretty good article about the settings on your D-SLR: http://bit.ly/CfSgM
4	In bed on a sunday morning. You think how wonderful it would be  if only all of life was a sunday morning.
4	We is closed, guys! Stop by tomorrow at 12, we'll be closing at 10pm!
0	I'm not looking forward to meetin my boss later for my telling off!!! :( I need a job
0	I found a JOB......WOOT :P
4	is so glad it's coconut coffee day.  Still trying to shake off this cold!
0	Trying out desk setup #2.  New 24 monitor is surprisingly complicating things.
0	is upset marnie stern got cancelled. about to watch britains got talent/eurovision 8D
4	I just want the skies to clear so I can go observe =/ sigh...
0	Hey Q-TWEETS..just confirmed. Q-Country is going to take some very lucky Q-listeners to meet RODNEY ATKINS at NEBRASKALAND DAYS! Stay tuned!
0	Fraser's coming over. Should be fun. Making our first youtube video on CarsonAndFraser. Sub! http://www.youtube.com/user/CarsonAndFraser
4	o discutie interesanta despre bere pe dashboard-ul SMARK http://tinyurl.com/kw6k9l
0	wants to do something funnnnnn!!!! rainy day
0	got his veterans plates and new license today
0	oh yeah.... saw Star Trek w/ Buttercup... awesome!!!
0	oh. about @spencerpratt & @heidimontag is because id rather follow an asshole than some dumb girl who dont know whats good for herself.SHAME
4	@PPCPROZ howdy! some online community blogs for you http://is.gd/QiWW
4	off to elton john in a few hours :) woohoo
0	wait a minute...the SUN!!! WHOA!
4	is researching elevator pitches - http://ping.fm/JEqDc
0	I'm crazy bored!!!!
0	Just waiting to go to work.. Listening to http://bit.ly/VGGlk
0	@raboof Okay thanks.
4	@cbird_182 hmm maybe :P
4	I've come downstairs!!! :)
4	seem to be getting my baby addicted to having her bottom blasted with warm air ;)
0	Cleveland brown from family guy is gnna have his own show!!!!!! The cleveland brown show!!!!!! Comes out in da fall hopefully :)!!!!!!!
4	It's concerts all over town :) Wish I got to see more than two!
4	Ahhh so super sleepy! Another graduation today! :)
0	Hollygrove Market, fence building, Streetcar Soiree.
4	@SonyaVanSickle I've never looked at Hulu, but I like their commericials. Will need to tell me about it.
4	needs a haircut. Looks very dog-like at the moment.
0	hey everyone. Its a shame the weather has turned! :( Heading for a run today. Going for the 5 miles i think. Fingers crossed. Bx
0	eh... ish fuckin sick again...very shitty...&.is romaning facebook!
0	Finally, taking a rest.  :)
4	@ftr2k8 yep, late Service 1 leaves Douglas at 00:15. More info in the PDF, p3 :)
4	wow close*
4	excited for tonight :)
4	Work 12 to 4 and then new phone!
4	Leaving .no phone so im me .byye (:
0	Fluff..we shall pop bottles for THEE BOTH OF US.. Bcuz we tha shit foo!
0	uk finished 5th in the eurovision song contest
0	Can't wait to get home from work
0	@tequilasam ha ha i'm going, i'm going!! Ha ha
0	@stephiejoybautz well Taffy did get a few right, but she ran out of time, i don't think she tried very hard... no puppy treat
4	Doesnt know if she should go out tonight....hmm?
0	@ArchieIndian they wud become chai waalas :)
0	heading 2 Rancho for a family session, fingers r burnin' from the chilis I cut up earlier. lol
0	watching best songs of the 90's ... yah ill get to see Kurt :)
0	When you believe they call it Rock and Roll: Have fun at the Melvins tonight everybody! And say hi to Creegan; he's doin their sound!!
4	Just finished Prison Break season 2. 3 days, 22 episodes. It is *so* good. Onward to find season 3 episodes.
0	@stotter I'm so glad that you finally made this a note to self...any specific ones?!
4	@lazy_vLFwhat up v  what u talking bout.....
4	Going to See Terminator Salvation.... Followed by Terminator Redemption, and Terminator Damnation.
0	@rickcom Did you like that race Rick?  What an amazing story and victory!!!
4	says Sunny Sunday to everyone :) http://plurk.com/p/rlcso
4	today is a relaxing stay at home kinda day :)
4	Thinking? What does one make for a SOUL dinner party? Googling now!
0	Ran 7.02 miles in 57 minutes, 25.0 seconds. http://voomaxer.com
0	Don't be too amazing, or I'll miss you too much...-conor O - Great lyrics by a great weird little man
4	Xamz almost Over..!! Thinking of watz next.. any Sugesstions.??
4	@SandwichINK You are welcome I hope you enjoyed the podcast
0	@mileycyrus  Whoaaaa. I always thought it would be fun to be having people always taking my pictures,but thats kinda stalker'ish? lol-ily!&lt;3
4	Off to Wyoming.
4	having breakfast, everyone else seems to be drinking and gambling, maybe i should tell them the time..
4	@kms007 are you telling me parachute pants aren't in then?!
0	So... yeah its like that around here...http://tinyurl.com/pum69k
0	That was a super cute movie.
4	Just spent a very rainy day in Cardiff. Bought 2 dresses, now taking my collection up to 27 dresses.
0	Had a wonderful day at Lynn and Peters wedding :-) Mr and Mrs Shopp! X
0	@RealDarwinFTW Nu-night be sure to update the Staff application for when I get back.
4	Back yesterday from a busy week in Brunei/Miri, look forward to a really relaxing weekend. Woo hoo!
0	tweeting from a car wash! haha
4	@srcook Hye Kid. What have you been up to since Dallas?
0	Omg!! I really need a home. Someone should adopt me.
0	Last night :(
4	trying out twitter app on the cell phone, not sure if it's working.
4	Got a Thank You card from American Lung Assoc.  I'm honored to be part of their committee!  Do something nice 4 someone 2day - feels great!!
4	whatsoever I've feared has come to life, whatsoever I've fought off became my life and I'm so blue... grey... frozen. something's missing.
4	just got out of bed, prolly gonna watch tv, doing absolutely nothing makes me happy :)
0	Game of soccer at 2.45, weather is _horrible_. We're gonna get drenched...and muddy....sounds ideal!
4	AHHHHH. we can hear the bands from our hotel roommm!
0	i love....lamp. =]
4	Today I was reading Java Passion's course on Ruby, JRuby and Rails, well structured and informative: http://www.javapassion.com/rubyonrails/
4	Hekje lagt seg enda :-O
4	New blog post: Minor CSS2/3 Specification Design Implementations (or hacks&hellip;) http://bit.ly/jm3rS
0	@leandramacy OMGosh!! So that car alarm... Was MY parents SUV!! Lol Josh set it off when he went to sit down! Haha! I had no idea!
0	@TAANS let me know when ur headin up2 anexx!
4	note to self: do not let teenage boys move furniture... foot thru an antique drawer of a wardrobe is not good :(
4	@cjcox1969 ill try to catch it and record.  Araw kasi yung Game ka na ba
4	@hipolitodelgado dime la forma para librarse de la companhia de cable
0	i #blamedrewscancer for the polar bears disappearing.
4	is home at bored nored bored !!!!!!
0	Skin still awful really don't want to go outside but need to go to PC World to take back broken laptop- wish me luck!
0	Good morning :-). Everyone else must have my morning sickness. Cuz I feel great
4	just got free chipotle.. Niiice..
4	@jordanknight Sorry, I am in Maryland.
0	i wanna go eat the chicken quesadilla & the burrito at 'La Victoria'
0	That's all i am is something to give u what u want
4	Giving in person-proofing a whirl-- granted, it's b/c they are moving and the packers have already taken their computer, but we'll see @230!
0	@Gems101 http://twitpic.com/3n59s - i can see u in brennas sunglasses :p. its my screensaver at home, im not tht creepy...
0	Finally done with Jury Duty! :)
4	@brainpicker Hi perhaps it was due to the 'best video' attack. I got one of those via you.
0	Whoppa! :D NCIS today was good!!! :D But now I am so tired...! I am off to bed! :O good night dear followers! :D Love ya all! :) &lt;3
0	i'll try to do some workout im bored and sad because i wont party today probably
4	@f_torres09 your a champion love!!
4	@aaroni268 It goes well, man. Up at Starbucks getting a little work done. :) How about you?
0	Alice in Wonderland in 2010 by Tim Burton. Johnny Depp as the Mad Hatter. Can this movie possibly suck?!?!
4	The Sims 3 is the best thing to ever happen to electronics. Every housewife needs to upgrade her machine to run it!
4	@elyseexx I'm going to take that as a compliment..even though you called me a PAB
0	Less than one day until www.itt-ferropolis.com . Doing a last 30k Bike in the next minutes, after that to bike check-in.
4	@keithurban and @taylorswift13 tonight with @WYCD_CIA! I've been waiting for this!! :D Sooooo excited!!!
0	@4TheMorningShow - wondering if tower camera was looking for someone earlier?  Erratic moves.
4	@MackEllis oh it is :) haha
0	Love that it is june! This year is flying by..
4	menikmati hangatnya sop buntut ditemani lantunan musisi jalanan tentang keindahan alam dan pelestariannya (@ WM. Bu Ugi, Tawangmangu)
0	I just realised I had a dream about twitter last night. Jesus Christ.
0	Just got to work! Waiting to do my do! Yay for being back on twitter!!!
4	heading home for the weekend...back sunday for wellspring :)
4	Trying to become a tea drinker to replace pop. So far Orange Blossom White Tea is the only kind I can stand.
0	At Doctor's office with Andy.  Soccer injury.  On our way for X-rays!
4	thank god my fake tan worked out!!!! getting ready to go out can't wait :)
0	Check out new post on YN blog: YJ Conf A Whole Lot of Fun! Pics TK. http://tiny.cc/YTL6a
4	@brookefraser no way, crazy yanks...sounds like a bad-ass show
4	damn! just blew a cap in my reel-to-reel; magic smoke everywhere. how am i going to play my surf guitar tracks? (no time to solder today)
4	I'm hungry. What is it about work that makes me hungry?! Ugh 2 and a half hours.
0	I would rather cut off both hands than EVER wear a scrunchie, no matter what American Apparel says is so hawt right now.
4	happy birthday Courtney
4	On my way to party and shake my booty in Springfield w the fam
4	Watching The Lakers TAke game 5!!!!!
0	@seabones what album is can't get away on? I don't seem to have it...
0	chilling to home
4	@abbyyyy__ she was probably on break
0	@Louism459 is not doing well at trying to cut down our electricity bill I need a krispy kreme @ItsSibneyBitch aron only had one A ;)
4	The rain needs to make up its mind today, I've decided.
4	umm i mean pick up my furniture and move my life for me... That last one was a tad dramatic!!
0	@DestinySports yeah but it could really do with a bit of reworking.
0	Staying in tonight.. Gotta be up early tommorow.
4	It's my mom birthday.
0	Quicklist:URL shorteners(big2small): http://tinyurl.com, http://bit.ly, http://is.gd, http://tr.im, http://ow.ly, http://u.nu
4	Had a lovely leisurely evening walk and spent time visiting with the dogs next door.  Everyone is asleep now, such good boys!
0	Ps- shout out to sir chomps a lot... How's the movie?
4	why are the servers @ starbucks always in slow motion? maybe they should start taking shots of espresso..
4	* 1 is BIRTHDAY GIRRRRLLLL
0	Wishing it was 5 o'clock
4	@ZydrateHustler funny enough...we have the same sleepwear....
4	Papers rustling and the sounds of typing...I am in study bliss. Time to really get this paper done :)
0	Time to go to scottsdale!
0	@polaroidgirl He's a very lucky kitteh. i think he hurt his pride a little too.
4	monday is back again. i cannot find a single thing i like about mondays, except the fact that tuesdays come after!
4	Is looking forward to today.. I can't wait to see what is going to happen!!! :)
4	im off out for a while :) have a nice day evrybody
0	Skinning has really been improved in Flex 4! https://xd.adobe.com/#/videos/video/165
0	Tonight my dreams will take me across the universe... have a nice trip.
0	Busy day.  Full day of work, then traveling to Clovis to let my girl take her teaching test.  We get to see Grace and Charles!!!
0	I'm hooooooome! I need to do this holiday thing more often!
4	Sudoku - Medium - 75 sec..  I guess that counts to be fast enough. #sudoku
4	Is kicking as in Crackdown. http://raptr.com/CoGValkyrie
4	They say coffee boosts ADD... Well, it's happening to me!!!  That and my recent finicky eating episodes... I am really hard to be around now
4	added a search and replace feature for administration section to better the TTS pronounciation
0	@pageby_paige Missed the RSVP deadline but count me in too! Will prolly get there around 3 - sorry for the late notice  :/ #patiofriday
4	ugh i lost my voiceeeeeeee :(
4	Bonne nuit all :)
4	im so tired from prom. and i have an AP test tomorrow. and now i have to go to work? ahh. too much, i cant handle.
4	Needs to clean and do laundry but i dont want to lmao
4	Sometimes Victor makes me sooooo mad!
4	I am gonna have a beer, I am sooo bored!
4	@TCardona sounds like a very good career move ;)
4	is watching a movie and drawing. :D Yeay for art! Lol
4	Hangin out with the family...
0	long day... still curious as to what happened to my prop last night? blow-up saxophones in a bar restroom are a rare find.
4	Freaking out over this swine flu.  Read 2 days ago that it wasn't as big a deal as suspected and now school is cancelled until May 12???
0	off home for the weekend having finished my exams - yay!!
0	Today is National Donut Day ... buy a beverage, get a free donut at Double-Ds! http://www.dunkindonuts.com (via @DunkinDonuts)
4	All hail the Sunday afternoon nap!
0	Nobody replies to my tweets.  This sucks.
4	yesterday was lovely :)
4	Seriously? 4 Customers all day ? Why are we in buisness?
4	Happy May day
4	On way to LAX for red eye flight to Queen City...
4	@awling gotta take care of the sinus wo....or is someone really thinkin abt u so so much since u r sneezin like crazy???? ha...ha...
4	So excited! Frio here we come! We leave in the morning.
0	Early start - off to the seaside
4	Dating can be scary:  http://bit.ly/QzSmz OK, funny too.
0	tournament was fun as a ref got kicked in the shin and attacked by a guy a foot taller than me lol
0	nhs direct has quarantined me.  have i got swine flu?  doubtful but we'll see in 24 hours.
4	Laying out by the pool all day :) babysitting had turned out to be better than I thought!!
0	why do ex-boyfriends mess up with our heads?! :(
0	@wolvsterx It was hilarious :P
4	After 9 hours of slaving away and one killer sunburn. My pool is finally up!
4	mom is pissing me off
4	This place is so intentional country its really quite funny.
4	Yes!  Made it to five thanks to my new friend, the FINIS SwiMP3 v2 waterproof mp3 player, which by the way I highly recommend.
4	just waking up...love sleeping :0)
4	what to do?....what to do?
4	@jimmyfallon where?
0	taking this cozy day off to spend with tomorrow's bride, @kimberly1616!
0	goodmornin :) no more rain! clean the house, then back to work!
4	going to get ice cream then to the movies? sweet!
0	tx. is outta line for this extremely hot weather...gotta luv it!!!
0	Might have to shave my playoff beard sooner rather than later :(
4	Cooking creamy herbed chicken & mushrooms with rice for diner & fried ice cream for desert ;)
0	I need help with sh404sef!!!!!!!
4	Adventure night last night - got lost somewhere near Gosford arrived home @ 2:30am. Filming @ school 2day. Very fun. Just dropd kids home :)
4	is in facebook mode. :-)) http://plurk.com/p/wwojh
4	@iamktk YEAH! :) (SEE how dumb my phone is?)
4	don't let me stop you
0	@fduarte I wasnt invited.
4	@brandyshindig lol.. i know right?! but FIVE new episodes before they say bye! :( i will die a little inside too :(
0	damn i have a cold
0	woohoo. feel so much better after sleeping for 10 hours :)
0	Morning has come people...x
4	Another night of work, hopefully my car still starts....
4	Is that too early of a count down??
4	about to dance in front of the student body and look really dumb! :)  yay!
4	UGH, The last two days i've been sick--that's why I haven't been on here. Happy May 1st everyone! 9 more days until the Honey Wine is done.
0	@mileycyrus  we need more of thos pics ;)
4	is awake at 6am today! wow!
0	has just used @seattlepicks to recommend Attic: http://schmap.me/j62gsk
0	@SteveIsaacs Trying to finish 3 skirts, starting the moving packing & seeing home inspector on sunday :) oh and maybe a movie night
0	sittin @ Melb airport of  a cold nite after Tiger wouldnt let me on the plane :( 5hr delay to perth and extra $200 for ticket. Crap Crap!!
0	... back to writting gotta finish this verse
4	has finally migrated from hotmail to gmail.
4	SNL made a good choice J.T is bomb
4	Had a good game of basketball with my friend Damien.. just like old times. Best of 3, 2 to 1.  You might have to claim victory next time. :)
0	Someone stole my laundry-time!!!!!!!!!! Luckily I booked a double so I still have time to wash my cloth but it annoyes me :(
4	Can't wait for transformers 2
0	I'm getting a 1967 mustang what?!?!
0	Going to get prescriptions to hopefully get rid of my 2 month long cough...Then off to work
4	Knee injury is making it impossible to jog--or walk--on the treadmill. Looking into ellipticals. Hate to spend more $ on fitness equip, tho.
4	getting these toms for aaron today! CUTE! http://cdn2.tomsshoes.com/ProductImages/pair356.jpg
4	@JavaJunky you are mean, lol.
0	just saw Star Trek @ IMAX! Holy Spock, it was magnificent! As were Spock's eyebrows, as per usual. :) LIVE LONG, AND PROSPER! \\//
0	Thinks he may have finally solved his network troubles.
4	@allpornmodels @Field1208 @Sushi_Ninja @Josef68 www.twitpic.com/6nbl5 &lt;&gt; OK!! so  legs legs legs!!! @SweetEveAngel better take care of them
0	@joshcassidy who is distributing??
4	hung out with @nicksantino and @brittonbillik tonight after the boston show .. goodtimes!
0	@Jambizzle That is so sick you found e-dog shirt! i was googling for it for ages!! So fucking sad! but i want one :D
4	RT philmutrie Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom - General George Patton. So True!!
0	Wow, US has its own army of 12years old: http://bit.ly/FkOcT
4	Headed to the gym on this rainy Saturday
4	cleaned up the apt...gonna eat some frozen - soon to be unfrozen - pizza :)
0	reached work...long day to go!!!!
4	@RibbonsofRed It's a great place to get or get rid of old tech though! :)
4	feel better meg&lt;3 surprise dinner and goodies for the gallbladder-less patient tonight
4	getting off the pc for the night...hope y'all are having a great night!
0	@charlottexoxo  Woah season 3?  It hasnt even started on tv yet. Keeps getting backdated. Damn the BBC! :(
0	Good luck on your final!
4	Yay brenlys house!
0	more rain!!!
0	Where do u get those?
4	if there is a guitar in front of me, i'm gonna play it ... which is why there aren't any.  at least for the time being ...
0	@m_swaim I knew that you would say that...soo in a way im controling you, bwahahahahaha!!!
0	is havin a good time with my family and just chilln!!
4	@CinemaChic a Robert Kiyosaki seminar
0	wow.. right easy exam .. lmao. I had to draw a picture on paint! :D
0	in the library &gt;:)
4	getting my tires changed.
4	sleep time now!
4	@natalieogletree mannn I wouldve freaked! Haha how amazing would that be? omg hahaha
4	Goodnight. texting. And listening to modest mouse until i fall asleep. :\
4	SO much homework this weekend :/ it's the last week like really?!?
4	reports are so overrated...
4	What's up peeps?
0	@jamesnaylor Copycat!
4	Had such a fun day with Gina...very refreshing. Big plans and goals ahead! Loves it!
4	Tio mateos with Sarah! Then home, then GZ for our first time! Sweet potatoes!
4	Tummy is feeling So uncomfortable.. I wonder why.. Been having stitch-like pains lately too.. :( goin home early to rest.. - http://tweet.sg
0	@mileycyrus : Hey Hon, How are yaah? : ) : D &lt;3
4	@weeklystandard He bows to them....he chit chats with them....mmmmm what could it mean?  Maybe the fearful lady at McCain's rally was right
0	I'm not much of a gamer but the Natal stuff is just awesome IMHO. NUI ftw!
4	loves peanut butter. kahit sa tsinelas didilaan ko to eh. http://plurk.com/p/wx3ek
4	@hillsongunited i agree, it was an AMAZING nite!
4	is editing his first music video and licking vegemite off the back of a spoon. :)
0	@BrydieW Rain reallllly shouldn't affect the Internet connection lol. I still need to sort that out xD
0	Too much to do!
0	eating some p-funky pancakes @ the pfunky griddle in nashville. good stuff! http://twitpic.com/6m34r
0	Going to the good 'ol OKC Zoo with the kids. And panicking about the dissertation I'm not working on.
0	home outta the shower . nite !
0	The body needs to rest, but the soul, don't.
4	@simplystrick anything freaky deserves to crash!! :p
0	@pievuhg or Estelle's screen somehow got knocked out and thats how he got out...
4	@mrskutcher @aplusk I'm only following both of you.  I'm always in so much pain that I can't handle a lot of follwers. you both are great!
0	Sweet got back from doctor, had lunch on boss, and the rest of the day off with pay. Yup life is good!
4	Going to get some ZZZ's...long day!!! Goodnight to everyone in Twitterville. :)
0	Adam new car is dead already this is rediculous
4	Looking for Keanu Reeves news http://keanureeves.blogspot.com/
0	Last day. Not happy about that at all. Can't wait to show the video!!
4	I love watching movies and sipping tea with my momma on rainy days
0	Ok now for the fun part.  to move this seriously heavy cake from my house to work.  PLEASE LET NOTHING HAPPEN!!!!!
0	@Lisette128 forever is a long time things change daily
0	Laaaate for work!!!
0	@lionessblack I'm also unmotivated. I know where my story is headed, but writing it down and beginning on the second draft, not gonna happen
0	@halo7522 damn it want let me add you with out your last name or your email address
0	Painting my nails grey because that would be the color, if I had a heart. @nineinchnails tonight
0	My dad is cutting the grass randomly even though we should be going to my aunts house. He's a very strange man
4	needs to destress. *shopping in a bit* http://plurk.com/p/wxbpo
4	Falling asset prices.  Like, never shop retail?  Do NOT even DREAM of considering this tweet to be financial advice.
4	Riding my bike to work Friday...pedal bike..
0	is loving the weather
0	Time to focus.
0	t\ = gnome-do being wonky
4	Abnormally Attracted To Sin
4	Out of work! Dinner with la famiglia soon..then HOPEFULLY going out... I was wrong, it been a good day :)
0	&gt; had to cancel all IV plans... so no EKM trip for tday :((
4	RT: @Mike_Stelzner How Twitter Helped Me Land @TonyRobbins (good read) http://is.gd/vCA5
0	showercuddlesesh w/ my boo soon :D
0	Pch drivin
0	My smiley little girl!  http://pikchur.com/auP
4	Ate the most delicious brisket,potato salad,fixins', and something called armadillo balls...brilliant!
4	#remix Brain storming for visual ideas.
4	Alysha's graduation party :)
4	Good Morning America :-)
0	It's just a bad DAY, it's not a bad LIFE. Smile! ~Patti Hegdal
0	Ok forget Diego...going with Spongebob
0	@Baila_BonBon is she gonna be ok?what did they say?
0	Hey Tweeties!! The weather is nice here in da bay...
4	Enjoyin' the weather. Hopefully we'll get some sun tomorrow!
0	leaving Chicago finally.. be home in a few
4	Getting ready to go to my niece's graduation. I can't believe that she is already 18. Damn...I feel old...
0	I'm looking forward to bed ... !! :) good night everyone !!! :))
4	Quit smoking today! Best anti smoking ads http://bit.ly/T21sE
0	@kchrist Check out phpQuery. It's a #PHP port of jquery/hpricot: http://code.google.com/p/phpquery/
4	English Cricket got buried in Lords by NetherLands :) and Fedex makes it 4 times in a row (reaching the finals @ Roland Garros).what a Day!!
4	@lolitadgaf you missed our adventure ! I need to do some lurking on myspace tonight ;)
4	Clint Black, You're FIRED! Hehe... On another note: Did anyone have any money on the 50:1 Horse that won the Derby Today?
0	@billkatt my bride today knows you; Lisa Beaumier. I'm starting to wonder about you!!
4	Why oh why did i procrastinate working out to lose weight? Now I have like 4 weeks to trim down, summer is here!!
4	Felt so tired 2day... isit bcoz of the champs league final? A game which barca dominates. Wad a season 4 them. :)
4	sitting in rents office...recruting troops for a barrage on the movie theater tonight haha
0	taking a nap and then maybe out for the night? idk about these storms tho..
4	Tha boss is sad my uncle passed away. :( R.I.P. Tio adan
4	Aunty of new born twins - 2 beautiful girls born 30mins ago :) ALL SMILES
4	Good night
0	So, im at my aunts house with a bunch of crazy little kids. Why did i agree to this?
0	My Aunt came over for a surprise visit today to see the apollo club concert tonight.  Now I want to get out.
4	Blah:( who woulda known.
0	Anyone got any special plans for weekend?
4	Waiting in my dads office, silently playing the not plugged in piano and texting friends :)
4	Late night...but got the fabric organized. Next: work on unfinished sewing projects!!!!
0	RT @SabrinaAlexis In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different~ Coco Chanel
4	oh and i'm loving this rain more than anything!! :) God bless you all! love love love :)
0	a before/after shot? ha http://twitpic.com/6owwn
4	just got homeeee :) tonight was amazing
4	http://twitpic.com/4j5lj -
0	Going to check out #DBGB tonight. Hopefully will get to hang with the man himself.
0	Gregariousness is always the refuge of mediocrities Nikolai Nikolaievich Vedeniapin in Dr. Zhivago
4	God's grace is almost unthinkable... Wow what a truly Awesome God we serve! Thank you Lord xx
0	???? ok lol
4	:D I got my first sale on etsy from someone I don't know! YAY!
4	Listening to Violent Love by Oingo Boingo and just received a giant box of Betty Crocker recipes from my next door neighbor. Feeling good
0	@TheEllenShow hi ima big fan,i heard ur doing a show in chicago,in june it would be a big n wonderful thing/gift if i could go my bday 6/16
0	I love Elliot Yeomans, how does someone so mean cheer me up so much!? :)
0	going to sbuxs at Tustin & meats
4	Oh sorry. Haha
4	is runs @ the Austrian women's run tomorrow. . 5 km. . I'm so nervous
4	In Orlando at our Sheraton Vistana resort. Win.
4	On my way to my cousins bday pool party. My seventeen yr old brother is driving. LOL
4	@ElizaPatricia I like when he flies the herrier and hits the cop car, oops, sorry.
0	im tired im grumpy its not raining anymore :( i miss vegas i miss him today sucks.oh well... its friday there is one small not so great plus
0	http://nymag.com/nymetro/news/culture/features/2159/index2.html
0	@cassieopeiamb Congratulations!
0	I am truly EXHAUSTED today from only 4 hours sleep. I remember the days when that was NO PROBLEM. Getting older sucks!
4	Contemplating plans for the morrow. Whatever happens, I will have to eat spicy noodles...so hot that my lips and tongue are numbed for good.
4	@Kaydene_Jade There is bunch of messages on the HOME page over here, ALL the same :)
4	I loved graduation :) and I'm sooo happy right now haha its great :) goodnight/morning to all you twiiittterrers
0	Made $132 at the sale already! :D
4	Going to bed now &lt;3
4	RT@UncleRUSH: Keep smiling remember when people dissapoint u .. Its your fault, learn to love unconditionally it hurts less :-)
4	@majornelson Geeks/everyone drives in LA...:P
0	i really wish i didnt work wiwth greg... what a asshole..
0	@bacon_lover chocolate old fashioned FTW.
0	just finished Spanish finals :x
0	@ProtonRadio that sucks. Worst case scenario for artist is when the label tried to fuck you, though. Sadly I experienced it more than once.
0	Just filling the time between now and later.
0	Arriving Subang 6pm. Nothing much happened in Penang. Cleaning things up and enjoying good food.
4	well wolframalpha.com is back with the same old waiting page :(
4	ugh work
0	i'm freezing, is raining and i have to study :( a bad day. But i want to chocolate eat ice cream :)
0	Mmmm...steak taquitos from taco bell... Thinking of you! Tweet me if you think its you! haha ;)
0	feeling BNP at the mo.
0	gonna get a swim suit today (:
4	talking on the phone with KIMMY :O she's teaching me this CRAP! :O so confusing
4	@horizon_nl hahahaha yesssssss its great sound, u should get the same phoneeeeeeee i just took pics of bubba with it hahahaha i loveee it
4	@mileycyrus heyyyyy! I heard 'bout your new movie, CANT WAITT
4	Going to get drunk tonight :) sunday sesh at mullaz
0	Cutting lemons for my ty-tini.
4	going out on the boat, have a great day
0	is watching the boys playing monopoly. it's quite amusing..
4	Never mind I guess im cutting and welding today... My room will have to wait! LOL
0	I always feel like... somebody's SCREWING me!! cuz of this economy.. oh OH oh!!!
4	I forgot how good of a movie Crank is. I hope the 2nd doesn't dissapoint!
4	Getting ready to go to the mall :)
4	Who wants to come chill with me and Josiah tonight anyone? :)
4	RT @cioskarocks wants to cover a bosstones song, what song should we do? :)
4	@wandaharland 9am this morning.
4	good night ;)
4	i am amazed that my fingers can play an f chord
0	Weirdly restless in my new digs....  cure for insomnia anyone?
0	i seriously hate MON-days. Why? Because I'm tired mostly on Monday. Maybe I'd get mysef better a cup of coffee
4	@Top_Rahman lmao to the maxx! Lol
0	I must have missed it too
0	NO SCHOOL! @HartHanson  God my life has become bones fanfiction who could you leave it like that 'who are you?'
4	Picked up my prom dress, waiting to go to seaportttttttttt. :D
0	If you feel like buying something let me know! I probly have it and I need money honey!
0	just got home 30 min ago :0
4	In my car... home time WOOOO!!!!
0	New info on Zero 7 album, out in Sept. First track officially released, not bad! http://tinyurl.com/pzo4wl
4	ok my friends need to get twitter so im not just following all famous ppl :) haha
4	Its 03:13 IST :D
4	Where did this week go?!  Lots of good news this week!  Looking forward to the WIST conference tomorrow - happy weekend everyone!  :D
4	Design - The Shadow Chair http://ff.im/2IWgP
4	Figuring out what to do, and where to go. I'm hungry!!!
4	At the office with Dad doing some filing work for him.. Oh joy. I'm just dragging along like some sloth..
0	Cocosz 2night n limelite maybe...
0	Still watching cartoons :)
0	have fun on ur fishing trip boston :)
0	Almost HOME for the night... Yeah ! http://myloc.me/14yL
0	Still no call back from the tests the docs ran on Tuesday. Stressful!
0	long day at sunday school....
0	I don't even want to watch the end of this game but I am..ugh..bed soon...work at 6am FML
4	Its decided. I love love love my new purse. Going to my dads for dinner.
4	@KristenJStewart is Elizabeth Reaser on Twitter? I thought she was great in Grey's Anatomy and loved her as Esme.
0	Just left a QT, didn't realize mullets were back in style ?:-)
4	My friend called me stacy today, do I look like a stacy moyhetfucjer?!
4	Just put on a REALLY kewl blue nailpolish on my toes.....yeah - blue.  I am kinda liking it.....
4	TweepToTweep is new, appreciate the follow...I have created this page for everyone to tweet about what they do...network online right here!
0	I love freaky friday.
0	Tired now & seminar tomorrow oh well I'll just talk bollocks & hope that they'll fall asleep!
4	Sitting at JASMYN
4	can't stand ignorant people!
0	@Pink cant wait to see u!!!
4	Everything's leafing out. Japanese maples in rose, chartreuse, gold, crimson, rootbeer, and honey colors.  Garden jewels...
4	What are you ppl up to? what's up tonight?
4	@feliciaday Will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday. #feliciadayrumors
0	@Queen923 What would I be dreaming about???
0	@NRMcclelland u sure tweeted a lot while I was flying!
4	just got a new macbook!! lovin it!! :)
4	heading to monash seminar brekkie at zinc
0	@mileycyrus check this mom @kayhanley out... Shehas been trying to reach you_ @nicolerichie
4	Open Platforms and Innovation http://bit.ly/oCAVx good title :)
0	@abbybarker Mission accomplished -one Priestnall tweeting....... but not sure why.
4	Has amazing friends!
0	OMG Juliet!!!! No Lost until 2010? NOOOOOOOO!!!
4	my nails are so RED i love it :D
0	About to go to bed now. I'll see if somthing good is on tv :P Gnight.
4	i love rain :)
4	@deanbavister oo which one?
4	This soup is disgusting.
0	@Chris_Hernandez w00t! I can't wait! 8D
4	If you can't make it here to Phish tonight, check the live stream of the show, scene starts now - http://www.ustream.tv/channel/phishtube
4	Back in muncie!
4	Had a medical test test this morning as follow-up on my cancer from when i was a kid, please pray for positive results, thanks!
4	@MommyMelee Is this a new hair cut? Love it either way! Mwah!
4	New blog post: Singles Tactic: Keep It Flat http://bit.ly/gmhsR
0	@JoeDemiJemi nooooo i love we i cant be ending that soon :( im wanna cry lol
4	Shopping in fribourg and hitting people with my stick  http://twitpic.com/68vpj
0	No working elevators means I take the stairs. I hate the stairs. :(  http://yfrog.com/0wi9qj
4	is enjoying this lazy rainy day
0	i'm allergic to everything!!! reactine is my friend.
4	damn red sox! 7-1 now...still in the top of the 5th.  Get your shit together guys!
4	http://bit.ly/C7KPi
0	wow, i referred to Newsline with a smiley face. What's wrong with me XD
0	Good night everyone. Tomorrow is an earring filled day. :)
4	In subway on Tucson az. Good healthy choice for the road :)
0	@tina_thom talking 2 Miley Cyrus.... Sure.... FAKE
0	hey google wheres my cupcake?
4	is in Wisconsin Dells!!!  Whoo!!
0	@britneyprince we are not friends we are bff :)
4	rt @leonspencer RT @christinajade My competition paid for ads, can Twitter beat that? I think so! Vote for #5 http://bit.ly/5b0Bb
4	What is my voice for my generation???
0	Gots me a new Snake today... yay!!
0	http://twitpic.com/6pivu - My heart aches. Missing my baby girl. Rest in Peace Lucy. You'll always in my heart.
4	victoritos and corona again. leftovers are a great thing.
0	People actually missed me. I'm surprised. I always thought no one really remembered me.
4	godaddy dropped the ball...again on my hosting account. its not rocket science people.....well not anymore anyway :)
4	@Tcarlin12 i lasted about a hundred pages
0	Good morning everyone. Wish you all a great day :D
0	@thedarkchaos Eat my meat at TGI fridays!
0	texting my friend. bored ass hell
0	can't sleep as usual :|
0	@green_flash so basically your night is perfect...
4	Quizno's Torpedo = very little meat and bread is a foot long hot dog bun.
4	RT @lilyroseallen: I think the best man won. Shaheen was great, but Diversity was wicked.
0	Morning!
4	@Scottie_ffgamer thanks :P
4	@arielkabbalah so we almost have minyan - anyone else? the more unity, the better...
0	Body Jam 49! Ready to launch!
4	fuck it's cold in here.  i'll be hungover fasho.  fuckmylife for serious.
4	Nolan's taking a nice long nap, and I got my work done for today. Feeling happy and relaxed during the beginning of the month for once!
4	He anyone is down there shoot me a text! 816.785.9377
4	nothing...
0	http://twitpic.com/6pox4 -
4	Lame I discovered the Juice It Up across from work closed. Apparently a bunch of stores at Quail Hill have closed recently http://is.gd/QQlf
0	But before then, uploading my U.S. trip pictures to Flickr...
0	@LOVEandPEACE001 lol that sux ! 5 seconds ? haha ..  at least the weather turned out good eh ?
0	Been listening to SuG all night &lt;3 havent gave them attention for ageeeess
4	new favorite drink... strawberry kiwi frozen lemonade!
4	Electromelodica
4	@PokoGr kalimera :)
0	OMG. Real IMAX is fracking amazing. I shall go to no other theater ever again.
0	ille qui nos omnes servabit ;) found the answer such a lostie ha ha
0	Sitting at a corner. Must avoid crazy manager.
0	Planning my wedding :)
4	tired, going to bed. Have a nice evening! :)
4	another beautiful sunny day in cheshire, off to a bbq party with my son today, can't wait to be surrounded by hyper kids!!!! lol
4	Even in our silence, you can't drown out that sound.
4	@jtjdt The most popular hour (from my data set) in May is 8am Pacific time. Least popular - 2am Pacific.
4	game night at my parent's!!!
4	@ddlovato Im following Demi Lovato on twitter :) Valerie's not gonna like this. http://twitpic.com/6bpns
0	sms=sleepy monday syndrome...
4	Hope to get away sometime soon. Did I say it's like 6 sleeps until Florida :)  ;)
4	Ugh, 6 hours of sleep just isnt enough..
4	Bud lite lime in my body:-) so good!
4	So many things to do, so little time. Fuckk
4	After 3 hours of working, back to work at 9PM until 1AM .... be back later!
4	@reeniiii it isnt so warm but the sun shines :) what do we do today? wanna go to the eiskanal? im bored. loovee yu &lt;3
4	ice cream...
4	Hello Friday :)  Happiness resides not in possessions & not in gold - the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul. - Democritus
0	Monday mornings suck.  Wheres my coffee???
4	trying to have a relaxing evening after a very long weekend...
4	Homework is almost done but I'm falling asleep at the PC. Time for bed..
4	im gonna go to bed. snuggle with my husby & my princess. nighty night =)
4	On my way to a BBQ in Ewa Beach :)
4	lLove that my step son & DIL, whom I've met only about twice, took the time & thought to send me flowers, while BOTH are deployed!
4	going to the spit today for MOTHERS DAY!!!!!!!!! :) listening to Out Here Grindin by Francisco!!!!!!!!!!! :)
0	im totally going to hit this crappy work computer if it doesnt start hurrying up!!! its so f'ing old n slow. writing an email is torture!!
0	Up too late and a teensy bit frustrated. Ah, well...need to get some sleep and work on it again tomorrow. Everything's better when rested
0	Its been long :-( felt disconnected :-(
0	It't insanity to be at university at 8.30 #sleepy
4	ng....
4	Ahhhh.........sorry to hear about ur experience!  :(  Thx - I will stay away! LOL
0	So loved today it was the most fun i ever had with any of noel's friends ever
4	Prom was amazing had the best time ever ..i didn't want it to end , ily2 husband :)
4	@n1ck thanks, I'm certain I will! ;-) good luck with the big move!
0	@wezli333 what about a good old fashion kick to the head? Lol youtube it :)
4	Can't wait to rock it with @shinytoyguns
4	no im not!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Yes or no?
4	Fuck u justin :P http://twitpic.com/4r6v7
4	twitteringgg..textinng...myspacing..facebooking..being..bored.
4	sejauh apapun perjalanannya akan terasa indah ketika punya teman seperjalanan..
0	@goeschei did u and @dbtuttle3 kardashify yourselves?
0	@pattriya_nakorn ..hello here!!
4	Jerry ---just got back from Universal Studios!!   The Mummy ride is insane! Tracking Drums Starting Monday!......l8ta
4	@CnBooth I like your radioactive picture! :)
4	@fletcherxx i decided last night to start the whole thing again! but only got halfway through one episode before i fell asleep. how lame. xx
4	had some tasteh chipsss ^-^
0	Done with New Moon. Will starting reading Eclipse after resting my eyes!
4	@TrixyFirecrackr :( Im sooo sorry J.. Thinking of you. &lt;3
4	Grabbing a sammich and some coffee before 6:30pm ShopBot class.
4	belli I miss you..! i wanted go to you!I hope, you have fun, also without me :(
4	blonde.. after six hours :) love @HannahMali
4	@Peddlee Grandma!! are you sick? how come? better now?
0	Spot of S Club - best way to start a Monday morning! Reach!
0	had my coffee and is just relaxing
4	$5 wine tasting at Franklin Mercantile. And it's some good wine.
4	@ice1cube I better be in the rolling credits for the naked YT video or else... Minus 1 subscriber & follower. :O!!!! Yes, it's a threat.
0	Going to the moon
4	is currently addicted to : Santogold. Listen to Starstruck. :)
0	@LaurenConrad congrats on your book! Have a great tour. You should come to the east coast it nice here in the summer :)
4	Just got back from bicycling to starbucks with my little baby Celia:)
0	Momma never says life is going to be fair...
0	Well LA finally let us out of its grasp. We'll see you next year cali.
4	Great weekend to all twitters. :)
4	@lancebradley Must be nice to be heading on vacation...without kids...
4	got 2 goldfish in a sesame st fish tank with elmo and the cookie monster swimming with them. Coolest thing ever.
4	off to work
4	http://twitpic.com/6brtp - Walking to the Huron River
0	@Papa_C_Los I believe we may need to go to the IMAX HAHA :)
0	I was sooo excited to go to Starbucks today...but then it rained and I had to wait in the car :(
0	@shiftleaderKRIS and WHAT?! I don't deserve a ticket!!!!Thats horrible!!! =P
0	u better tell me the answer that i wanna hear! :(
4	Walking to the stadium. This is it!
0	WOW...didn't notice it was already 1:10 a.m.  Gotta work tomorrow. C-ya!
4	@liferay I see no mention of OpenSocial on your website. Are you repackaging Shindig inside Liferay to offer OpenSocial support?
4	oh im sorry @JeremeyJaded i'll try better next time and hey theres nothing wrong with my tacos bish ^_^
0	FUCK YOU INSOMNIA.
4	@AppGamerNet So! How are things in LA buddy?
0	Just saw Night In the Museum 2, with the fam, Great movie by the way :)
0	Just had a nice meal at pizza express with the language teachers!
4	doesn't know any more. fuck me right!?
0	exam in 3 hours...... :(
4	http://twitpic.com/4wfyb - Is having lunch with his two favourite women; mum and granny :)
4	@vincegiordano Maybe because Monday is the first day of the week :) At least here in Germany... How are you Vince? When are you moving?
0	since I'm not even tired...I'm gonna chill in bed with my best friend: my iPod!!! Nightnight everyone!!
4	Babysitting. These kids are little shits.
0	@LLCOOLDAVE earthquake...y'all niggas need to bounce lol
0	time to go to sleep. hopefully i can wake up to a nice little car loan from my parents!
0	the uci gunman turns out to be a paintballer
0	Why is that actresses who are hot in series, not hot in Wallpapers!! #Cobie Smulders
0	havent twittered in a long time sorry been sad i miss mr papa
4	work in a few :)
4	GOOOOOOOOOAL!!!
0	i feel like i should go outside, but im scared of the sun, i've always said that the best sunblock if the roof and walls of your safe home.
4	@SweetPotatoVine I AGRIZZLE. I THOUGHT THE MAKE A WISH SEGMENT WASN'T EVEN THAT OFFENSIVE. CERTAINLY NO WORSE THAN THE 'OSCAR BAIT' ONE.
0	House all to myself for the next three days. It's party time!
0	@IvyO i know, me neither! :D we're awesome.
0	@marissabree Haha yes I saw it
0	thought i wouldn't make it today but woooohooo, it's 6 more working days to go... o_0
4	Good nite twitters have to get up early, :)
0	Im hoping for an awesome day tomorrow
4	Does anyone besides myself find it stupid that sleeping pills say on the label: Warning, May cause Drowziness?
0	feeling blue!
4	Happy Mother's Day. :)
0	@adlyman no phone?? and have a good shift hun im off to try for sleep tweet ya soon xxxx
0	@CyranDorman atleast they'd give it to us straight if it were lol
4	Went to A New Page where they had Drum Circle 2night! Very cool, me and my girl were Rocking in the free world. We will be @ the next 1.
4	is lying in bed wondering if her son will remember its Mothers Day.:)
4	read and actioned a dm via email 10 mins before it appeared in @tweetie. FAIL!
0	check out my daddys (photographer) myspace think im there too lol http://www.myspace.com/jhdodds
0	beer + home made cheeseburgers tonite yum
4	Does anyone else watch the Apprentice and wonder How the F*** those morons ended up where they are??? Beggars belief...
0	I'm about to go to Jack's Urban eats, I'm pretty hungry, tbh. Also... go Nuggets.
4	Excited for Toronto!
4	Also, feel free to look through my followers... I try to make sure they are normal people, and not psycho spam bots.
4	Dodgers?  Can't say I watch baseball all that much :/
4	goin 2 melbourne 2 see me uncle!! should be fun! about half ways there!
4	Is wondering if she's gone too far - only time will tell. :)
4	Awsesome party @KayJay08 last night ay!! lol. I so love getting the underagers drunk!! Them and hangovers hilarious!!! Kick ass dancing :D
0	@lancearmstrong Congrats!!!
0	Pool tables are so much fun
0	my office got some nb people. ~!#$@
0	if your in redding, ca    come buy pozza at the pizza hut at the TA truck stop.  i got specials running all summer!!
0	That was fucking crazy
4	headin' home today... i should prolly round up my stuff.
4	Holy fuck starcape is amazing... Bassnectar just destroed it... This party is fucking sick!
4	Three days off starting tomorrow!  I must shout it on the mountain tops!
4	Hanging with the J
0	Soooo sleepy!
4	Now I'm off to bed - HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY ALL - HAVE A GREAT ONE :)
4	uploading some of my singings on youtube. :) so excited
4	Good Morning.  Last nigh was very interesting.  Im glad to see my favourite star burning bright, lighting up another beautiful day. :)
0	Goin Aquasizin wit Suey sun :) nd Whelans Tnite 4 an album launch Fun tyms yo :);)
0	I am in so much pain. I had the tip of a hi-hat stand puncture my leg. Hurts so damn bad now I'm just lying here alone. (its been looked at)
4	omg and i didnt update my status all night either! :O
0	Will the SUN make up for havin to work on a Flash site... if not they better have long island ice-teas at the bar tonight!! :)
0	Almost got guild Naxx Undying Achievement - failed on a KT Frost Tomb... PAINFUL!
0	Wow! my cousin would call me to let him in the house! lol
4	@XtineSamonte what is the topic of presentation?
0	I'm missing my best friend right now. I wish he was still here with me. He will always be my heart! RIP Lamar Kenneth Daniels aka PrettyBoy.
4	New free item: pampers coupon #2 http://tinyurl.com/qqzb5a
0	...but not as beautiful as the roses Hubby got me!  :-)  http://twitpic.com/4yobn
4	My mom makes me so mad sometimes. But I still love her.
4	Good book - RT @MicrosoftPress: Dino Esposito's new book is Microsoft ASP.NET and AJAX: Architecting Web Applications: http://bit.ly/Q0T
0	I love my dad, but he and I always get under each others skin when we've been around each other too long...I need more patience
0	got some new shoes! yay!
0	Shopping in sydney...such hard work ahahhaha
4	is thinking of her lovely garden.
0	Upset cuz I can't afford the ring of her dreams. :-(
4	Watching CI channel...The Iceman what a scary man he was!!! No remorse....:-(  Freaky people in the world.....sad lives....
0	someone just prank phone called me. Ethan and Jason are so lame.
4	Family lunch today.
0	Night night Twitter!
4	I am thinking on this: Strength is not for STATUS, but for SERVICE mmmmmmmm I gonna Impact My World today
4	Is trying qtitter on his iPhone
0	Ahaha messy night :) this weekend will defs mark the start of a great summer! Felt lohen today, btw! Love her so much already!
0	@Rob_Kemp Rich Cliff is peed off cuz it's stopped now lol
4	is so ready for bed!! =)
4	shopppppingg yeahhhh
4	nearly lunch time. I am starving!!!
4	@fountain1987 be careful the sun is hotter than it looks :) .. Yesterday I got really bad sunburn and now I have to avoid the sun LOL :( xxx
0	D-Day, Landing at Normandy Anniversary.
0	I love friction vixxxen.   She has beer waiting for me!
4	oh dear...Lions getting a mauling
4	anything, i would give up for you...
4	@jontymisra @martin_j001 anyways im out, tired as hell from 6 hours of exam today (Level 1 CFA)
4	just left lunch with Magnus and Viktor, former collegues from Sony Ericsson. what a nice day
0	@slm725 Mmm that pie sounds soo good!! Have a slice for me and Goodnight!!xx
4	is having a great Mother's Day!  My husband is spoiling me! :) #fb
4	bloob... bleem... blaaappp... thats the end of that!
4	Oh mama! Crab cakes, Parmesan encrusted tilapia, strawberry cheesecake and a mango daquiri... Too good, my friends. Feeling really spoiled!
4	wrapped up my paperwork.. now, if MTV would just SEND THE FRIGGIN' MONEY~!!!!!!!
0	Gettin my Friday follows done ahead of time!
0	why do i drink. . .up sense ten ta 7. . .nd guna b fukd fo tanyt cuz prob wil not sleep today:(
4	@Dinnersforayear Amy, I was hoping they'd be a crispy ginger cookie. They're thin molasses cookies. Good but not exactly what I wanted.
0	twitter ... JiNxEd.......??????????.........
4	crossing ctg
4	hates complex circuits &gt;:O
4	OMG!! I never tweeted while driving... lol
4	We are live right now!! Tune in to www.voiceoftruthradio.com
4	Happy Mothers Day all!!!!!!!
0	Working on an assignment at work, sure am! I love forgetting notes when I put them aside to bring them home :(
4	Why does it have to be so damn hot? I could fry chicken on the floor. I HATE FLORIDA.
4	Going to the mall in a half hour with court and some other people, this is gonna be great! :)
0	is bored
0	For those who didn't know: In the language selection at the bottom of your FaceBook page, select English: Pirate. Watch what happens...  :D
0	going to try and get some sleep b4 I leave!
4	Just saw a sign that read: NOTICE. Correctional facility. Do not stop for hitchhikers.
4	DoIng comps in the Real Estate market...looking good!
4	Matisse's dancing ladies makes me so happy I want to cry.
4	Hey my friends just got in from the ocean had a great time, thank you to my new followers and I love all of you.....
4	Doing homework. Ugh! At least school ends in 3 weeks!!!
4	It was well worth the wait! Waffle House here we come :)
0	just got off the phone with my baby girl. i cant wait to see her : *
4	@isleofmandan: Heh... we have 140ppl and our source is available for download.  Email is small ask to give away 10s-of-Ks hours of work.
0	beautiful view where i am at right now... makes me never want to leave Malta
4	is headed to walk the dogs and clean the city pound.
4	Everything Twitter - From Novice To Expert - Now available for iPhone Stanza and Kindle. Limited Offer: You set the price! http://ow.ly/67aq
0	Didn't realize I had so much shit...arrrghhh!!!
4	RT @dalaoban China's Top Innovator Baidu Out-Googles Google http://ow.ly/cH1j
4	29-16 the rockets are winning YAY
4	@sammieepaige i'm gonna go to sleeps noww. :/ talk to you laterss. :) i love youu. :D &lt;33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
0	chattting at twiiter
4	is wishing everyone a safe Memorial Day :-)
4	More errands & house stuff, then calling Mom!
4	JT ON SNL WAS AMAZING. &lt;3 || S-Trek = amazing.
0	Bedtime Stories is a nice light hearted movie :)  Not Happy Madison's best but definitely worth watching.
0	Goin to bed.. Loves her baby more than anything
0	meta ye5aaali9 eldawaam  ?! el waagt  ma yamshiiii !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	@Certifiedhtchic I agree with your cousin. It's time for the UGG boots trend to DIE! LOL!
4	I'm hung like a horse :(
0	home and ready to get a good nights sleep...
4	Am I geeky when I say I enjoy taking notes while studying?and then realize I'll miss doing this later since I've finished my course reqs?
4	Lance the Boyle in tonights #BGT
0	good luck cindy !
4	@EttejNahgaem Hope you have a nice and peaceful sunday, Meaghan. :)
4	DIY (season 1):You can do this in KFC http://tinyurl.com/lhvnxo
4	thinks it really shouldn't be june already. finished another blanket today.
4	zapping meet the press - Anne Mulcahy, Jim Owens, and Eric Schmidt, of Google sparkled in the reflected glow of the illuminated cameras.
4	Aidens finally asleep. Im going to bed. : )
4	@rattis Thanks! :) How'd you know?
4	still stuck at heathrow....
0	this got me thinking, is it better to slow down? http://bit.ly/RDN5W
4	Test  http://twitpic.com/69agf
4	Work from 11-5. :/ texts would be lovely! Have a nice dayyy&lt;3
0	Hooray for half days!
0	Surprise @bestisalsati with tina tasya arif
0	@funk_e already sorted! plus, I still have some left overs from railscamp. So, hoping we'll be right :D
4	it's offical: i'm not sleeping tonight - just saw another mouse
4	Since my phone is about dead for good I might be getting the new Sidekick LX-Carbon :)
4	Photoshoot soon my clients late and scene I imagined is changing with the light *sigh* oh Well as long as there's light it'll be tight! :)
4	at Brian and Molly's wedding. Molly looks fantastic. and it's a perfect day!
0	sooo tired yet soooo bored!!! whos keen for lazer tag? lol
0	jason Bay... powered by whammy burger.  this is why i love sports center!
4	A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
0	@digi_tale Voor scholen zoals het Rits kan ik me wel voorstellen dat Google Wave nuttig kan zijn.
4	RT @VOMC: Pastors: Introduce your congregation to the persecuted church http://tinyurl.com/lmy4dn
4	@Shadowhand no kidding. It's ridiculous.
4	is helping Matthew study for his dreaded spelling test...not sure who is feeling more tortured.
0	Can't be at #media140 - stuck in Bulgaria unfortunately :-)
4	finally got my links into the blog post on Friday's talk on The next big things http://bit.ly/PnfaM
4	DURBAN JULY...... 1 month to go :) :) :)
4	Photo: (via ssomuchlove) http://tumblr.com/xhu1z0g11
0	Still belive... We never know....
4	ezmuze+ has had 800 sales in 5 days. That's unprecedented for a Community Game! And people said it wouldn't sell at 800 MSP.
4	@oltyan It has for me, got one response and closed within a week of the initial communication!!! Amazed at the ability for Twitter to cnnect
0	me for the win. nahh. that fails. :(
4	SeanDavidsMom d everything okay
4	I actually get to relax these next few days. And, I don't have to worry about any scuffles over the perfect A/C temperature. Loving it!
4	is home - goodnight
4	@mfharrell wrong pic! http://twitpic.com/2osuc
0	visik7 on What are the best practices for using CVS? http://ff.im/38sut
0	Just finished seeing Terminator Salvation and it was great!!!
4	hello people... long time no see :(
4	round two of Red Hot is going to be on target @ radiant church!
4	is appearing on CBS June 7th.  CBS Morning Show with Charles Osgood
0	teaching my dad how to twitter
4	Sparta: Lords of War released. A ZombieVille USA type game but with swords and Spartans. How can you go wrong?
4	Not quite as long a day as I thought.  Can't move into new place till tomorrow, and van's packed to the roof.  Bide my time...
4	@willwoodgate No problem. No rush. I just wanted to make sure I was clear and there weren't any questions. Thanks!
4	Working till 4:30 then tutoring Esmi :) hopefully then visiting the madre!
4	Glad I wasn't the only one rubbed the wrong way by Bob Martin's keynote, though it was well-presented: http://tinyurl.com/p32s8u #railsconf
4	Last track meet of the season is today!!! 3:30@MVHS
0	Squid + Fish = Squish
4	is cleaning the house for my mom.. why? bc she didnt ask me to and that means she might actually appreciate it.. sad truth
4	had a pretty shitty friday night, im probably going to kick back with my baby today, and possibly see my big brotherrr.
0	@_mitchii_ LOL! I wanna send to you this song.. muhaha. the song is about you. &gt;:D http://bit.ly/ZQl0N
4	Heading home for sum vino an dinner al fresco ! Yaldy! :D
4	My life now consists of spreadsheets, data entry and filing. A glimpse at the world of finance. Did I mention the fiscal year ends Friday?
4	reading New Moon. about to go to sleep in a bit, hopefully
4	Phones down wuajajaja!!
0	Getting ready to go to IHOP.
4	getting ready for palm desert with the family :)
0	@nursing Think you need to follow me for me to return direct message.
4	At the park with the kids.
4	via @myfriendsunfold: [listen to 8/12/04!] phish's last camden appearance. you can find it at www.phishows.com, GREAT setlist on paper & ...
4	hot off the bench! dana ruth dazzlicious black diamond key hole heart necklace. http://bit.ly/HJYB5 who has the key 2 your heart?
4	hi
4	@TomFelton. How many wisdom teeth are they taking out?  I got lucky when I had to have mine removed I only had thre,  only one on the bottom
0	Who actually does live in a pineapple under the sea anyways!
4	@dannycallaghan He sure do, that @leesbian, my my, he sure do. Talk. A lot.
0	ppl say gay marriage unholly & thus shouldnt be legal in case they skipped gov. class in HS US has separation of church and state so suck it
4	@SannaMaria88 mothersday??? I thought it's celebrated on the second Sunday in May...? :-O
0	Don't worry LFC you'll be at the top next season mark my words lads :-)
0	going to get pizza for dinner,Liams working so it should be taisty
0	Happy Saturday everyone!
0	@morganpressel  I love BEP, its my favorite music :-) REALLY looking forward to the new album :D
0	i dont get why this much older guy @ work is always interested in if im seeing anyone/getting married any time soon :/ not really amused
4	SO, just had debit card declined, called bank: a series of cards were compromised; we sent new card in Feb. Didn't receive. I'm screwed.
4	http://twitpic.com/5273a
4	RT: @googlecalendar: Tasks in Google Calendar? Check it off the list! http://bit.ly/11KQS9
4	Getting ready to cater LSU on June 6th, 2009. Lots of preparation!
0	in between tweeting, this bird that woke me up this morning outside my window keeps cleaning its tail feathers. motherfuck, shut up.
0	Go James!
0	ok perhaps now would be a good time  to try to sleep. I put up another chapter of my book and my eyes are crossing. NIGHT :D
4	Very excited.. just found out that my company has raised enough money to sponser a child from Make A Wish!
4	soo tireddd!! Gonna go see the killers with @hayleymehrkens in september!! YEEEEAAA! :D
4	from @techcrunch  facebook users -- start thinking about that special name & gear up for the vanity url rush   http://tinyurl.com/n6vzsa
0	Heading out to the first band practice in the garage, nice.
4	was over @ alisha's mom's helping 2 pack and I'm still dying from allergies now. hung w/james after and am crashing now, runny nose and all
0	Getting ready for Jake's last concert of the school year. Missing the ballpark tonight though. Must say, it's nice to see him clean up!
0	Tying up loose ends at work........things that I've been meaning to get to but just haven't ~ feels good!!
4	@snowd0n is Fable 2 anygood?
4	Dad trying to take a picture... http://twitpic.com/69jlz
0	birds chirping, Have a safe trip home. Stay cool & pretty =) !! mwwaahh !!
4	i need my feet rubbed anyone???
4	leaving for California !!!  bye bye b.town (atleast for the summer)
4	DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I am officially 1/4th of a vet! :D
4	Check this video out -- Miniatur-WunderLand http://bit.ly/CTnbw
0	looking forward to a fun-filled weekend of shopping, beautifying and enjoying friends.  I'm NOT on the Gracie diet, so there will be wine.
4	@gali_girl (You've got quite a fanbase over on the Eka's Portal #vore website.  http://bit.ly/1xBVe)
0	More bad dreams and because of them I don't know what to do anymore.
4	Off to a Gazette reunion! Congrats Judy on your book!
4	car shaking.. nasty!
4	so tired but i feel like going on a hike... work was horrible!
0	should most definitely be in his room, at his desk, studying. The Sims 2 got him AGAIN. Dag nabbit, Sims! Why must you be so intriguing?!
4	Headin to work.. ready to tear up the floor, haha.
4	deciding whether to stay awake or head to bed and go to sleep.
4	Okay. I think it's bedtime now... Big day tomorrow! See you all in the morning! Can't wait! X]
0	Anyone know a good tutoring center? LA area or SGV
0	Still feeling weakness from the flu but determined to make progress today!  Slow and steady will be the words for the day.
0	2 new bags finished, making their way to etsy tonight!
4	flinging potatos at a wall is fun
0	Is feeling the pinch, why can't we all be rich. Or maybe just get rid of currency all together.
4	@whitjk just got keys. My mom is being an effin  bitch. Told her to leave
0	About to go FABRIC SHOPPING!!! Found a new (to me) outlet and can hardly wait to fondle the fabric! New finds will be featured in my shops!
4	@kevinw66 texas chainsaw? I grew up with Sesame Street & muppets. My American accent is thanks to Kermit, Ms Piggy and Oscar the Grouch :)
4	VOTING DAY! i would return back if there's too much people.. hate waiting lol
4	getting ready for yet another open house with NEW lower price ;-) www.285pinewood.com stop by & say hello to http://www.annemmurphy.com/
4	Cold :s And miss mum and dad...Cnt Wait for tonight!!!! charging my camrea as i type!!
4	Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep but should I die before I wake I pray the Lord my soul to take..... AMEN!
0	@thehypercube What game?
0	yay twitter yay. lol
0	@mykito Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers too
4	No matter how much I say I wanna always look professional and wear nice clothes and heels, I always go back to my jeans and forces. haha!
0	Caught a glimpse of @DanMerriweather on BGMT, & a glimpse it was! He's so adorable, love listening to him, would've liked more, wat a voice!
4	Just got up and I feel like crap. Getting ready then going to pawpaws camp.
0	Can't wait to watch the Lakers ball it up tonight!!!
0	...nothing's what it seems to be.. i'm a replica of me ...
0	thought Take That were bloody AMAZING!!!
0	Oh My !!
4	@sunnystorm Sounds like you had one heck of a night..
0	I Love Polyvore! http://bit.ly/ThJLm
4	Good night y'all!
4	bierstube, 9:30 pm --&gt; http://tr.im/burfday --&gt; everyone is welcome!
0	Puppies made it to grooming spa just in time! Absolutely going to be a great Saturday now. Oh did I mention, 85 and not a cloud in the sky!
0	watching wow wow wubbzy with my kids..
4	Need sleep. *zombie*
0	i wonder when twitter will start countermeasures about the slutty users promoting pornsites on here...
4	@zebov I'm blaming on the phone, not the alcohol
0	@Aradann - Congratulations :)
0	is looking forward to lunch at her favourite Indian Restaurant!!!
4	@RidleyTheWriter thats a lot of times!
0	@keighty80 I have no idea, I'm so sick of this cold, rainy, sunless weather
0	@tommcfly hey, do u remember the ventilator banner? Xxx
0	I hate it when it's really warm in my bedroom like now because I can't hug my teddy bear XD I can but it's too warm :p
4	Blowup: U javnost procurio Olympusov Digitalni PEN? http://bit.ly/wP8Jl
0	@aarondurham maan! you've got my head filled with 8bit graphics for the #codechef game!!!!!! and mutilated cows, for some reason :|
0	2 cancellations=2 hour workout....I'm whipped.
4	Really really wants to go buy these adorable shoes I saw at Target. Trying to convince myself that I don't need them...
4	Had 7 text when i woke up lol
4	Good to be home.  Although, it was a great weekend of meditation.  God always seems to speak louder when I am away.
4	@Zee ... could take some time. Follow my twitter ...
4	jaco's for bbq and then... wait for it... karaoke.  yessss.
0	@GeGibbs wtffff 93 dollars?!?!
4	@robknight Dang - are you ok? Have you been poisoned?
0	@jenwgilmore Oh Jennifer maybe the two are one and the same for you.
4	!i!i!i!i!i! going to the movies ... :)
0	Is up all night watching Disney!!
4	Sleepless night blah! Maybe some music to put me to sleep...
0	Are you serious????????????????
4	I got my friend bac  Life Is Like A Coaster. Enjoy It B4 It Ends :)
4	sitting on the back porch with mama =) i miss youuu @JoshesGolashes!
0	Driving through the town I grew up in. Upper Strasburg.
4	Ouch, this hurts
4	needs to get her phone fixed the send button isn't working and can only talk to people on speakerphone hmmm...any suggestions?
0	whats good ma, thnx for followin me...what r u up 2 this memorial day weekend? @sheenarodriguez
4	@deebuv seen only highlight reels of Fed play. I'm still hopeful though...he can then complete his all 4 grand slam haul :)
4	Goodmornign All
4	@banoura  not what I meant silly!
0	@klaatu well, duh.  but the o.p. is clueless, didn't understand 'engineering', so rest of discussion veered into rather useless territory
0	had a blast at the fair
4	well, so much for trying to upload a new profile pic to twitter. i'm now officially a red 'x'... :(
0	@queenoftheclick I hope thats all it is.Can't imagine her deleting acct w/out saying g'bye to us!
4	i really like him  :)
4	@yen4more see doc?
0	@xjmiex I used to have my name spelled wrongly in my yearbook. Cheong became Chong @ Cheng. Always missing an alphabet. :(
4	is thinking about the big picture. looks kinda different.
0	is at Camp Tahigwa planning pre-camp & other funness! So excited for staff to arrive Monday! :)
0	thought we were going to stay a few more days in Cali because our car broke down...turns out its fixed! Goodbye Cali, Hello Minnesota
4	@tracecyrus signed :D:D:D
0	@carinafox5 yep just saw it    i dont think i can get a bigger picture if you cant use it thats ok
0	Off to the doctor.  Hope my leg isn't messed up too bad:(
0	I want something else...to get me through this semicharmed life...
0	@hneufeld sweet!!
0	would like an Ian Watkins in her pants (and wonders if he'll notice this haha)
0	Back in Eastlake........I have nothing to add to that.
0	@KBlack4Life wats good fam?
4	@DeanLeysen I sometimes wonder where you find this stuff.... lol
0	I need a good summer project. Any ideas?
0	needs to plan for the piano recital on Saturday!
4	Photos went better than I thought. Had ice cream. Next: Chinatown.
4	We are still waiting for the birth of Baby No.3...a few days late. Seems to be a little more french than we thought :-) a relaxed baby, hehe
0	http://twitpic.com/651tl - White house! Wooo!
0	planning my dirty holiday with a friend.  backpacking in croatia...
0	mylifeisaverage.com
0	@ConneryBeagle thanks! Have some scritches! #gooddog
4	Thanks Zooma Annapolis...you wiped us out at the event today! ...and we're so glad the weather finally cooperated--great race ladies :)
4	is at work! bored out her mind!
0	parrttyyyyy in an hour! call or text then commin and homeworking
0	Visited three more houses today. The best one of the day is the cheapest (hooray!).
0	Driving to the airport. Majorca here I come! Back on Saturday.
4	just saw the biggest, fluffiest akita!!!!! sooo cute!
4	@neethiisaac btw... thanks to the education received from u n suchi n jerry.. i think i've become way better @ in in the last 1 month alone!
4	well. sections are done for now. been busy today, but good to check things off. laser files now. front end work to make assembly easier...
4	Goodmorning twitt'wolrd. Happy motherday mum'
4	At home gonna eat then swim! ! Lol
4	dyed my hair... likin the color
0	Done with IDPA didn't do as well as I wanted to. Got come more ammo and going home to load more. Hoping for concealed handgun permit tdy!!!!
4	@pambeeslyjenna so I just read a bunch of your old posts including the one about desperate housewives... i am IN LOVE with that show haha
0	Has nothing to do tonight!
0	Shout out to &lt;Council of the Dedicated&gt; wish I wasn't at work today. http://www.thecotd.com #cotd
4	I just reached level 6. #spymaster http://bit.ly/playspy
0	@sandraberhard Happy Birthday :)
0	Slwpt fpr almost 12 hours. Havemt done that for awhile! Man that was a good sleep! And I think I saw Sam Milby.. LOL he's so darn cute!!!
4	Awww Zoe was so happy to see us! She's so cute!
4	Dane cook was yesterday!
0	Signing Autographs today at the Frank & Son Collectible Show 11am to 4pm - 19649 E. San Jose Ave., City of Industry, CA 91748.  Come say hi!
4	yup curiosity got the best of me again...oh well, i just feel like i need to know...
4	Painting my nails on the deck. (: ahhhh warm sunshine.
4	i can't do this.
4	@KayaHumphrey What are you busy with? Try to come to Hong Kong. I will take you to everywhere. I'm promise.
0	Sieht aus wie ein Schlumpfpimmel :DDD // How I met your mother &lt;33 everyone needs a laugh
4	Down by the  Hudson... Loving this day :) http://yfrog.com/5cirij
0	@mileycyrus no you don't. it's not all that great.
0	Flu update:  no fever, feeling almost human, cough still sounds like an angry guard dog...this may take a while  : )
4	writing a paper. story of my life this week. cant wait for the Axis camping trip tmrw!!!
0	At least now their families can have closure. @cnnbrk
4	Going to bed. And yes Cat, our plan is bombtastic. (: the city will be ecstatic at our ramona-poly alliance. Haha. Ilyyyy. (: and LA forsure
4	Thanks for ur responses to my Facebook ?  Seems u CAN'T post Twitter updates to a FANPAGE wall automatically, only to a personal profile.
4	kisss   me now:]]]]]  im kiinda bored. im going to work later but until thenn im borred.  any advice??
0	Jennifer will be M.I.A. for the whole summer, paying off a ticket, like a child laborer.
0	@NinaHB: Helloooo! Welcome to Twitter! Just done HOURS of work. STill, all the more money to go DRINKING with!!!
4	@Nikki224 it was a nightmare LOL!! Did enjoy the view though hehe
0	@ohmanitsconnor omg me too
0	ive survived yet another night, time to give wendy a bath
0	@hello_photo i broke up with mitchell a little bit ago...feeling guilty and lonely :( don't want to go to work, i just want to sleep forever
0	trying to get on facebook, its doin my head rite in
0	...and buying new Taking Back Sunday's album time!  Yay.  I will listen while I clean!
0	@chelseafitpro And, if u want to do some really fun walking around it is during the surf comp in Huntington Bh or the Tri in Newport.  July
0	A little correspondence before 5 days in the desert sans electricity.
4	@stellery Go go mining!  And oh my, I can say we're not like that among my group on KT &lt;3
4	Just had a nice long funny catching up with my bff :)
4	I am finished!!!! Party this weekend, wooo!! Oh, wait, I must study for myth final :( :( :(
0	Okay, too much transcription on too much coffee and too little food.  Time for a break.
0	@williamdta the theme will not download
0	going to community band, \this  should be fun!
0	Currently too preoccupied with my gadget porn to do any studying. FUUUUCK
4	Going to meet jeni for lunch soon
0	I need a nap.
4	Thinks breakfast would be a good idea
4	@Kayritchie ok.
0	Wayy to busy today it really sucks!
0	first year of college... check, hit the beach... to be completed, party w/ RedBull wingsteam... to be planned
4	Fancy new page on RSVP.com.au goes live for mobile dating http://bit.ly/yC42y
0	sleeping &lt;3
0	WOOOOOOOO one more class then im free!!!!!!!!! hahaha
4	Flying with Falkor to the Southern Oracle to sleep there in my dreams! Good night everyone, have an enchanting sleep! :)
0	@kristinelongo thank you - it's amazing how exciting the teeniest bit of energy can be - I'm grateful though :-)
4	@KevinSpacey how ru?
0	Num falei que voltava??! To aqui! :D
4	Wolverine is siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick :)
4	sleeping  w.  baby  sis  at  daddy  house  .  hella  irritated  !
4	Eating KFC Crispy Chicken!!! :P
0	My tweets appear to be bipolar. That is what work can do to you.
4	@clementbryant yes... take a deep breath and a minute to relax. its sunday.
0	Wht color is it
0	@martinabel feel better soon my love &lt;3
4	i don't want a lot, i just want enough. :(
0	my 1st attempt on goin out last nite in a looooong loooong time...what a scam....lol. At least I'm goin 2 the pin-up meeting this Monday
0	@richardtreadway
4	@tetsuo99 ah the magazine dream that I have......true, I should keep this so I can update you I have a TEST site up, VERY basic nothing real
0	Staying over at aliis =]
0	My hair cut made my hair look like edward cullen... Fml
4	::woot woot::  Hills Finale Tonight :)
4	Bicycling to the europe election, so I become a member of the minority of voting people :-)
4	getting ready for j day !! wasted much :P
0	that must be the coolest class ever
4	@jenny_blake Your love for buttered popcorn and heroin? One word comes to mind...addiction =)
0	taking Nina out all day. Her best friend, an old lady, died last nite. No clue how to handle this, I figure a little sisterly love will help
4	Should be cleaning but im being lazy. Might go to burque tonight :)
4	beautiful day outside! Wish my battery worked. or I had a longer extension cord. Say 500ft surge protected? Solar power? even better!
0	Gogol Bordello!   just hours to wait...
4	getting ready for work
0	I have procured asparagus, cheese, and some polish baked good!
0	can any one get on to amazon ??
4	I HATE YOU....on opposite day!! SKADOOOOOOSH! =D
4	God I hate panic attacks. They really so suck!!
4	My Daily Twittascope - http://bit.ly/r2NQN
4	@writeinmovement sashaying past the Slate tech server cluster would make me happy personally ;)
0	I'm watching the strangers by myself..still scary in the day time
4	Today is the last friday of the school year! I cant wait til the exams are over next week so summer can BEGIN! :)
4	RT @Kazcita: @error505 Screw reality, make up your own, always more fun :-) Works (kind of) for me ;-) x
4	Check this video out -- KERI HILSON NEYO KANYE WEST KNOCK YOU DOWN(OFFICAL VIDEO+LYRICS) http://bit.ly/atHUi
0	Painting done! Now off to Target and Home Depot.
0	Off work 2 hours early
0	I'm thinking of hiring a bodyguard to go with me shopping.That way I have someone to stop me from going down the sweet aisles & bakery etc.
4	@Tal_and_Aviad why not, you guys are funny as hell (when I manage to get up so early of course)
0	Give you da business, panties on the ground. Hit it from the  back cuz i like just how it soundssss. Haha
4	Just got a fresh haircut, good food, now its time to go throw a few back and enjoy another beautiful day in camp leguene hahah
4	@GaMascarenhas Only English because we'll travel to the US to go to FBI *-*
4	@Bravado Someone gets sick, arguments, OMGOMG, House shows up, House acts like a dick, House saves day || Someone dies, emotional moment.
4	Here we are!  http://twitpic.com/6tksj
4	We've got strawberries the size of your hand! I'm going to go watch Angel and eat some strawberries! :D
0	Just out of the shower, I am so excited about my exibition next week! This is the first weekend of pay day BRING IT ON! ;) hello riverisland
0	i now have a stickam. all my homies who have one should add me because this shit is funny
0	another EVIL joke from @god is overseas tech support, and you think @therealdevil is evil
0	art class. is done for the year. so is APCS so is german. what is this? summer or some shit?
0	office depot was out of free VHS -&gt; DVD kit. :(  of course we should have gone yesterday, but were still optimistic.
4	I finished elementary school :))
4	@yaykimo pictures?????????????????????????????????????????
4	@sublegends So Fine, Bright Spring Morning, Hey DJ. I think. That was decided very quickly ;)
4	lunch is yummy :)
0	@ home taking a much needed nap!
0	@Kroc After updating it still doesn't work for me. So I guess is really is just an issue with my PC somehow.
4	The tension is mounting here around the final this evening - http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8085892.stm
0	At my boys wedding making movie magic, I stopped filming weddig ages ago but this one is special :) http://post.ly/lpz
0	Getting ready to BBQ and watch the Belmont Stakes race. Gotta root for little Calvin Borail.
0	HUGS friends! Enjoy the weekend. See Gods blessings. Feel Gods presence. Never Forget D-Day. Never forget the sacrifice of so many.
0	is alli the new acai is it the weightloss solution of 2009? read more here http://tinyurl.com/q4fbgw
4	Im filming business shows with Jeff's dad's buddy Nick right now.
4	About to nap..hit me up on the celly
4	I LOVE how my yard is finally coming along. The boys are now two and I can go out with them and make it better. It's such a beautiful day!
0	RT @eddieizzard: Please retweet these links to good causes. http://endoftheline.com and check this http://frog.rainforestsos.org/
0	Just order our Bread. Boutique Poilane. Best Bread in the world
0	wheere did thaa sun go ? :| = (
4	Fridayyyy. Maybe gabbyss??? maybe not...
0	@TheDingle http://twitpic.com/62xrr - wow, it's really cool pic!!how can you climb to the mountain?It's too high :)
0	@dmoczulski -good my niece will like it and the show was good! I left a lil before 2am but saw most of TDC! Ill have to post some stuff
4	@honeybee_ mmmmmm Novak... *swoon* :) I've always had a thing for hot tennis players ;)
4	@XAprilZX oh yay it seems to be working :) was gonna say b4, sux about the dog :( didja tell them off?
4	Well I'm finally getting 2 bed after a crazy long amazing week.Just been chilling with my brother sorting out each others lives! Gd times :)
4	@MrHyrne sorry, have to rub in our awesome music scene in a bit :-)
0	I JUST WANT TO SLEEEEPPPPPP :( :( :(
4	@mattgarner guess who ;)
0	DANCE CONCERT TONIGHT!!!!
0	@tabooxchanz alright alright hush hush
0	Been in ocean city maryland for less than 12 hrs and have seen more drug busts/arrests here than every season and version of law and order.
4	An an upnote... Toast and marmite.
0	SERIOUSLY? No one wants to go see The Hangover with me tonight?
4	Totally chose city walk over our Griffith observatory tour. Haha.
4	@AnnouncerJustin Can't wait to see Extreme Rules.
4	I dont like the silence it always makes u think and hear the truth
0	goodnight. work in the morning. Fuck!
4	We've done 586 miles so far,and I can't believe I feel as good as I do,'they' reckon your body gets conditioned to this sort of thing...huh.
0	I thought I was done being crazy. I was wrong.
0	omg...im at work at my computer wont let me add my pic!!
0	im so sad i hate when school is over
0	@clbsea is that a hint that I should bring a loaf?  :o)
0	I am down :( I need my snuggles but he is at work and he don't like to snuggle :( ironic huh...
4	- Federal Heights Day has come and gone.  Got lots of good compliments about my band, and watched a couple of other good bands, too!
4	yum!! http://twitpic.com/5bgc4
0	I have a not so happy baby today. Here's to hoping he will do well at the grad party.
4	happy day hi happy people
4	Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
0	was 2 hours late for work this morning..fml
4	off to the wine festival! hope to see you there!
4	Happy Mom's Day :P
0	...and a goodnight to all !
4	@Marcus7770 Is it you???? woohoooo!
4	is in ITALY!!!!!! but misses everyone back home
0	Jury duty is exhausting. http://tinyurl.com/ngjrla
4	belligerency is happening tonight!
4	the only german musician i totally feel is him... http://bit.ly/TbAiS
0	I am the ticket master people call me when they get tickets to ask what they have to do haha
0	FINN ANSWER ME DANG IT!
4	Going to Eve of Destruction, cold or not at Elko
4	not tweetless but I hate to brag :D
4	@rivagw I wish I was headed your way too! I just signed a lease w/ an apt near the Broadway Bldg. It's the 2nd floor of a Victorian house!
0	is getting settled in the new place.... looking for a job, but is now getting ready to go out...
0	ugh gotta go 2 work n i feel like shit.....but gotta suffer thru it so i can hit up tha party lol
0	anything happening with anyone
4	Ok, my 40th birthday is coming up on July 16, and Live Nation is have a contest thru twitter and I hope I win!! Meet me in St. Louis!!
4	Well schools over and now it's time for hockey! Let's go penguins kick the caps ass. Haha :)
0	ear infection :(
0	Eating subway... I miss Togo's
4	watching strange wilderness
4	@RossDixon Why thank you mister, you're might fine yourself x
4	can't sleep! :( outta my mind, be back n 5 minutes!!! lol
4	Is so excited! I found a tiara for caybree today!
4	@lexokhubulava Thx :) Jobs.ge has +1 fan :D
0	is going swimming
0	Good morning! Morning for me, have to make a big decision here, i hate HATE SHADY people!
0	Last night was totally fun, till the end :( lol. 42 more days :) &lt;3
0	i need a nap. Please hope work will be quiet!
0	@Synful_Pinion LOL!
4	@lennykravitz http://twitpic.com/5azbe - lilaana I feel the same...I guess Lenny is hoping that there's a woman out there who really see ...
0	I see the models in MEGA now how to play football?
4	Seeing Mom Pizzo this morning (missing church) then Dad Pizzo and family this afternoon/evening
4	@jamiebower http://twitpic.com/5awey - You are a total crack-up!!  And because you are so cute and will be magnificent as Caius, I am wi ...
4	overslept, bah..
4	I dont know what Maggi has done, but her noodles are no good anymore! :(
0	Why is recital so tiring for the parents? I am exhausted and today's show hasn't even started yet!
0	i have just painted my nails and i am so bored
0	Paramore is playing at von's right now... free concert
0	It's my birthday!!!!!!! I have such wonderful family and friends!!
0	Phew, managed to update both blogs without much problems...
4	Im bored with twitter!
0	At the wtk concert(: so close the the front, but on the left..
0	holy raining cats and dogs!  DGB's pieces were beautiful, as completely expected.  :)
0	http://bit.ly/17wRRT
4	Today: 1) Nell's car died. 2) Venue was a dive... 3) & empty.... 4) til hoardes of pissed PVC-clad nurses arrived... 5) & we ran away.
0	is at dutch bros getting a sugar-free blended white chocolate mocha
0	is going to hand in her portfolio in like... 15 minutes and then off to see mum and dad!!! :D
4	@ hospital. Waitinn and waitinn. Shit wuz so cash..
4	@confidential247 good luck on that!  ;) Don't burn 'em! lol
0	josh is fucking gay. :D
0	Kellie Pickler on Ellen is hilarious. Check it out! http://bit.ly/O5YOi
4	@JonathanRKnight I took some after the Atlanta show and I was sleepy the entire next day! That stuff really works!
0	Getting ready to go see The Huspuppies at Buffalo's in Statesboro :) :) :)
4	had a blood test...it was hhhhhhorrrrrrrible!!.............   i hate injections :\ humm..it dosent go well with my meth prob ;)
0	wants to know what bright spark decided to make high heels in sizes 7 and up.. LOGICALLY THE SHORTER WOMEN WHO NEED IT HAVE SMALLER FEET!!
0	Just been watching the video on the Google Wave website. Looks pretty cool (and useful!) http://wave.google.com/
0	@kob have you tried GitX ? Can stage & commit changes & browse history http://is.gd/I3CD. Just found gitnub, looks v. nice http://is.gd/I3Ca
0	is still hoping for a miracle...even though the magic show is long over...
0	Just returned from a 15 mile jog in the beautiful morning sun. Wish my knee hadn't crapped out en route though!
0	@atbandre Hey Andre, how's it going?  Just wondering what music software that is?  Take care :)
0	This week's discount code roundup: http://fashionorbit.com/post/118510809/dcroundup060509
0	baby!! Eric's aunt's new baby boy Ryan :) so adorable. http://tinyurl.com/lr95ak
4	@curban39 http://twitpic.com/5bsn5 - Whoa!  Looks awesome :) Leaving in the morning for the Sunday line-up.  Can't wait!!
0	Just realize that I leave for Hungary in EXACTLY 4 MONTHS ... im excited...nervous...EXCITED...anxious
0	filming this hippie project. i'm a hippie for the day.
0	Had a wonderfull night lastnight with my wonderfull girlfriend &lt;3.  Love you &lt;3
4	Whoppa! :D NCIS today was good!!! :D But now I am so tired...! I am off to bed! :O good night dear followers! :D Love ya all! :) &lt;3
0	i love laying on the floor randomly
0	@SARAHTONIN12 nice pic :d
0	Hahaha... Can't sleep. Hey thanks for inviting me to the sweetest lil sad cartoon a couple should see together ROBBIE!!!
0	glad im missing open day! :D
4	I love kenzie - from kim
4	@aprilmwright and @toddgardner - who ran this morning?  Come on, knuckles in!
4	Getting ready for my show @ Time Out in Slidell on 3/28/09.
4	Watchig angels and demons
0	I love that it's my Friday already!!!! Yay Tonys tomorrow!!!
4	see you soon! bye
0	The belmount is about to start! Go Mine That Bird! :D!
0	youtube sucks!! it wont work for me the vids stop half way through then wont move :( FAILS!!!
4	bagong gising at kakaen lang :3 i love you miyuki my hon!
4	No matter how good life is, I still manage to get depressed sometimes.
4	@AlyssaVowells @lilyroseallen is a sweatheart, but she has so many people in her life and u were sooooo lucky to get a reply. i'm jealous :)
4	Just finished Jumpstart on American Family Radio with Meeke and Buster. Cool time and great folks! Man, They have to get up early!
4	I just realised I had a dream about twitter last night. Jesus Christ.
4	wondering what to do today
4	1st day of vacation...
4	Yvette... Yes I was here.. and yes they are nuts! LOL but it's funny
4	K i'm here.
0	@benjicl Not only did you just show me the safety site, I was on my bed &  the one question I got wrong was what to do in that that case
0	Giselle got her shots today! My poor baby!
0	I miss you Brittany. &lt;3
0	Meet @TiniOlsen in 15 Minutes...
4	http://www.myspace.com/thisyearsconfessionofficial
0	@bexodus oh you know you wanna!
0	Hey @Kmichael_photog!!!! I only know your cell number, I can't get a hold of you!!! I don't know your address!!!!!
4	yawning and starting to work my way thru a slow saturday..might end up having a nanna nap!
0	I wish your soul a safe journey, David Eddings.  Your books got me though some hard times, and you will be missed.
0	Last night went much better than expected.  No feeding from 12am to 7:30 and I didn't even have to pick E up to calm him thru the night.
0	waiting for my love to get home from his gig.....kinda weird to have him away for so long......it makes it much worse because of the trust..
0	is mad it's raining 2day :( WHY IS MOTHER NATURE BI-POLAR :-/
0	Watching House..  but the rain is to loud
4	Concert tonight at Trinity Baptist Church in Amarillo, TX, then dinner with friends afterwards. Flying home in the morning.
0	To the Farrington High School c/o 2009, Congrats! Good Luck with all your future endeavors. You've entered to learn, now go forth and serve!
0	Tweeting at home, On my own.. Aaawww, poor me.
0	@RambeR1220 wtf amber, a naked tutrle hahaha
0	I hate waking up and going to school. Its too early
4	is watching early Smith & Jones. Ah, the days when comedy was actually funny.
0	out of surgery and feeling surprisingly pretty good
0	DON'T MESS WITH THE TITANS!!! COLLEGE WORLD SERIES BOUND BABY!!! P.S. My body is sore all over from today! Barry is amazing!!! =)
4	Gonna check out Nurse jackie now
4	@Rhoda_TD OMG! AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!
0	oh em geeee!!!!...i can't wait for untouchable's new song and MV!..xD
0	Reading anything I can find instore... I really need a manager to do manager training with!
4	trying to sleep. ahhhh end of month tomorrow :(:(:(
0	@Ch3lz i agree i think i do deserve an award it is comendable what i have just achieved!
0	Finally free to go somewhere. Lets make plans :)
4	wishing it was warmer out... hello its june
0	Trust the weather to be scorching while I am stuck inside waiting on the Sky guy.
0	Phone is fixed, was stuck in bedside mode. Silly phone
4	Ready for the RelaxPlan (Herbalife) University this weekend :-)
0	y otro gol d celso....TyT 2 - COSTA RICA 3
4	LINDSEY GETS MARRIED TODAY! (still insanely surreal)
4	http://bit.ly/StYPG ENJOY! Goodnight loves ... sleep well tweethearts :)
4	Can anyone help me upload raw files onto a PC from my camera? Apparently Vista can't read NEF files. Fuck. P.S. I want frozen raspberries.
4	Never go to bed irritated.  I'm dragging the cats to bed with me.  Their mad cuddling is bound to having me laughing in minutes :)  Night!
4	Tis all cool once again :) Well, except that my boyfriend has to avoid my dad. Besides that, life has pretty much returned to normal.
4	Commentary on the excessive use of images and text to record social events http://cli.gs/0Y9uaJ #mdcm3000
4	FB RT: Shannon Jones needs lots of motivation to get back to the gym tomorrow.((throws motivation your way!!))
0	Tip then off to my parents (PAY DAY) then back home to get ready
4	@RyanSeacrest thanks Ryan!
4	looking forward to seeing the new Terminator film :)
4	Heading to bed soon. I need sleep to clear this brain.
0	says what? the 'interesting plurkers' page is gone (unsure)? http://plurk.com/p/yyjln
0	loves going out wearing a new dress, although this one is a little short.
4	@ciaela we didnt do our vlog on the weekend :(
4	*yawns* Agh. Had a pretty sucky day. Hopefully 2morrow will be better. Oh well. Time for bed. Goodnight Twinkle. :)
4	getting ready for Church - typical Sunday morning.
0	Errands fer days...
0	@ Bill Bailey, i was at your live Tinselworm show!!!! i was awesome, pure brilliance!!!! And here are some more explanation marks!!!!!!!!!!!
0	H.o.t double  w.i.r.e. hotwire.com!
0	Going to look for a house for myself to live in..
0	@DinosaursgoRahh LOL maybe I should go n see it then see what this fuss is about LOL
4	Pokemon and BABW on June 6th...Oh Freakin' Yeah!
0	Going to the zoo...their africa exhibit should be awesome...also BIRD SHOW!
4	just woke up, not loong enough :(
0	Lol... Amen to nakedness!
0	@beacreo Happy Birthday!
4	Spinning class then trying to get some work and cleaning done!
4	Just finished poole 10k . No drama this time, completed in 51:26 :)
4	I'm at the club bout to take over the pool tables. Drinking Goose and Cranberry. HEY WHERE MY WINGS? :) :) LOL
0	I just reached level 17. #spymaster http://bit.ly/playspy
0	@Ajikan_Panda what do u mean wtf?
0	Mixed a lil' hot chocolate powder with coffee and some half&half. Tastes ok, not Seattle's Best tho...
4	@Bella_Rose you can never go wrong with anything rootbeer
0	@naumanx yes the cds are effin awesome!
0	Life is fukn.... insane...My heart and prayers go out to Pedro's family and friends. R.I.P
0	@adrianpittman congrats! :)
4	Yep road trip. heading out tomorrow. =)
0	@SPAmeBABY I don't have a secret.  It's just been raining so long that the SUN is an inspiration - and i LOVE my puppies!!!  weeeeee FRIDAY!
0	movies :/ i wanted to watch dance flick but cant leave little brother alone so forced to see UP
0	major decluttering happening today!
0	My little princess :) http://twitpic.com/6suo3
0	http://twitpic.com/6svei - Only just hit me that my brothers and i aren't at uni together any more
4	Be back later.
4	Time for bed...finals tomorrow, gym and English! Last day of freshman year :D?
4	I love my fiancee...who else could I spend this much time with and not be bored?  :P
4	i love hootie and the blowfish :) haha
0	Day #2 of sickness... :(
4	i LOVE the way my hair smells tofay.
0	Good news, toes are not broken, but its damn painful. Working 8 hours doesn't help a damn bit. Also I think my neighbor's dog is after me.
0	what is everyone up to?
0	Does anybody play Ultimate Frisbee? It's pretty fun. If so and you live in MI come play on Sundays
0	@akwaiboy lool... alie! i have noo idea how 2 use it! ah! weerr is da excitment!
4	hmm...im tired...
4	@elliothaughin eh aren't you kinda ruining the surprise :)
0	Sitting on the train waiting to depart to Kiev. The train is called... the stolichnaya express. Cool or what.
0	@MariahCarey Is Obsessed the new Clown? Haaa!
4	Reminder that thr is no Explorers 2nite 25/05 but everyone is invited 2 Tuesdays Meeting When we will be having a quiz nite.
0	why are people such dicks??
4	Looking for a French Toast recipe I can do many times over and in a whim :)
4	Goodnight twitter-bugs sleep well!!! =)
4	A thought: Greed gives us permission for our possessions to own us. Who owns you? http://yfrog.com/0wcd0j
4	Yall are hypocrits ... Just have to say ... Good night
0	one of our systems is back up...but the other has been down since yesterday morning.
4	I've given up on trying to stay awake. Good night.
4	Going to be a day in the garden - if the weather stays good!
4	Ok, time for sleep. Good night Twitterville!
4	Hanging out with old friends - best way to end the weekend.
4	Getting ready to go to a Baby Shower....Be Back Later :D
4	done eating.. :)
0	The early bird catches the worm.. OR gets woken up by his roommate
4	Yayyy erica is hereeee!! =D crunchy pizza and 2 bottles of wine. Gooooood night!
0	Worked with The Shuvani Jezebels doing some crazy cool gypsy dancing tonight!!
4	well enough today to ride my bike first time this week:)
0	The man trying to teach me Calc III in the summer right now should be arrested.
0	I will get 5 people today
4	gotta go! :) i'm excited to see my best-est friends slash sizzies :)
4	Sunday Morning.... orange juice & E! news weekend
4	Well I suppose I should go to bed. Need to be up by 7 am. NIGHT ALL!!
0	Follow @berdandbee for great #renegade coverage with pics!!!
4	can't stop thinking about it!
4	:S
0	can't wait to be in Taiwan! Eating fest here I comeeeee!! Woohoo! :-D~~
4	Im cutting off the dead ends so I can grow !!
4	There's a party in my yard and everyone's invited!
0	Watching a tv show.. Merlin and the Book of Beasts
4	New link posted:  http://cli.gs/m9WrYz
4	Having a shower.. and then.. studying ALL DAY :(
4	Apparently Marley and Me is a real tear jerker. Aurore couldn't stop crying :-(
4	well.... idkay what to say.... so ilove you all....  Harlee is comin over tonight :) cant wait
4	@Lanevids tomorrow you need to remind me to twitpic a picture of my new puppy.
0	@thesounds I saw you last night! you were great, even with just 5 feet of stage and 20 minutes to play. youre awesome. an i kissed jesper :)
4	can't believe she is on twitter. geeze.
4	@jeremyk123 YAY!!! email your addy and it will go out tomorrow lauralilyan (@) gmail dot com
4	Huge and private Toni&Guy party tonight, the nearly weekend sound to be excellent!
4	ahaha craaazzyyyy night :) matteo and maks i love you boys lmao
4	Bye for now :) Bye http://www.plurk.com/deeyana  (bye) http://plurk.com/p/xbnsd
4	Off to bed, sweet dreams! Xoxo http://myloc.me/2fNx
0	After reception drinks @ the Marriott.
0	@thordiakow The Army of Darkness - Bruce Campbell Hail to the King Baby!
4	Staring at the ceiling
0	well well, it wasn't a good day at all today...
4	another week of work finished relax now for 2 days I hope!
0	did more sunbathing :) not too sure on the tan lines tho?! time to get ready for dinner...happy bday daddy!
0	High fidelity is on tv, snuggling, nice headchange, and a great week to reflect on= awesome!
4	hum.. Thinks i need to clean my room, badly and reread 'hes just not that into you' wat a lovely sat :( lol
0	@heycassadee awh being five is always good ;D + btw you were awsome last night thank youu for siging my top + my ticket :D &lt;3&lt;3
4	There's a pain in my stomach from another sleepless binge... And i struggle to get myself up again...
0	packing for the beach!
4	I don't get it. If you're playing against lebron james... DOUBLE TEAM HIM! Every time I see him its Pietrus trying to put a hand in his face
4	went to church this morning at the village with @whitneyyann. so great! and it's a beautiful day! :)
4	40 Jahre World Wide Web - 3sat neues - http://bit.ly/pUD9a
4	getting ready for softball practice, then an exciting day of doing laundry :&lt;
4	drinking coffee and reading the paper.  http://alexiasaspiration.weebly.com
4	layin at the pool dreamin of a $2000 slumber party!!!
4	Where
0	surprisingly ok considering the marathon operatic singstar session!
0	Took a big step today and bought an Xbox, hooray! Let me know if you want to play Scene It or Lips :X
4	@ycmizrahi but you should be excited to see me! i kn ow i am
4	Underworld Trilogy on blu-ray today...oh yeah =)
4	RT @mj12982: 25 Stylish Examples of Web Forms - http://digg.com/d1t9Ch?t
0	@rhymeandreasons @missbeachbum sounds like fun time to me! Missing $10 tapas!
4	@dannygokey wow I'm do sorry! Thank you airlines for your luggage expertise lol
4	Had the most RANDOM trip with @jamiehuynh to VANCOUVER!  Quite the awesome indeed.
0	Woohoo my online banking is back on!
4	545am-145pm starbucks. 4-8pm 1080. 9pm centro-matic?
0	Removing adverbs and other writing tics from a romance novella-- a little and just and so on.  Points out the weak writing.
0	@Ladi3MAC u left alrdy?!?! smh
4	@FoxVegas if you think that's bad,last week I had to have a guy point out the Cilantro in the vegetable isle! :) Oooo Kradam! Cool! :)
4	Starting quilt #2!  :-)
4	MTV movie awards was amazing!  hitting the sack work early tmo.  hittin the gym after for sure
0	Mmm, espresso, thank you @PumphreysCoffee! Delicious beans.
0	@benirawan got a score of 9.5/10 on @seobat Twitter Score. Check it out at http://twitterscore.net/benirawan
4	@Gentle_Flora The world. your undies can wait but this planet is pretty much fucked. ;)
4	RT @cfjedimaster: oh crap, MyBrute is now available on iPhone
4	we are a vicious race of people. i believe that we should take some time out of the day to realize it. -- leaving at 2!!
4	I wonder who Doyle from Fringe is playing here on Lost. Seems to manipulate people into going to the island I think.
0	@RaynaPhoto07: woo! Universal! I love it. Have fun bb! :)
0	@GigiLuxeFashion y r u about to cry?
0	in a mood to cook me somethin tasty today.
4	wish it was sunny ...
0	@teenuts23 banana huh?
4	I've just finished the site & the client has asked for another, please sir can I have some more!?! It's good money, so I will take it. :-)
0	@JayLenoTonight  Jay I'm so sad its your last night on the show Its my last night watching it too I can't watch Conan : ( see you at 10 pm
4	just got out of hospital =[
0	long long long couple of days... must get sleep tonight as am starting to feel a little zombie-ish
0	Wax on, wax off.
0	tiredddd...
0	everything is getting infected by my bum kidney...sepsis, i await thee.
0	Jade Donovan is the bad guy? NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	@franklero dont worry frank, you're not the only one.
0	@LiiLLaura hey I'm having a BBQ at pad this Sunday u should come. It is kid friendly.. Text me and I ail give u my address
4	@XNet Thanks pal.
4	You can use Google Checkout coupon code USEDIT15 to get a 15% discount. One coupon per person. :)
4	and the dogs are lovin' this weather!
4	RT @rglauser: Watch your kids and hide your wallets we have carnies in our parking lot for Solana Beach Fiesta Del Sol http://mypict.me/2GRk
0	Anyone know of a quick way to make some awesome bucks other than the lottery? I miss my californiaaaaa.
0	I just lost game 4 :(
4	Right now on my Justin.tv channel: HL2: EP2 GNOME QUEST www.justin.tv/liquidhelium?67
0	i am getting ready to go look @ a house!!! it should be fun! then i have to go to gtown!!!!
4	@epi_longo lam gi ma vut nhieu den the :D da warning la fai +/- 1/3 den 1/2 EV roi ma :D the anh da chan chua? :D
4	I'm hungryyyyy
4	iss oooh head ache coming on... i dont need one right now... got to much work to do!
4	Feels human for the first time in a week. Thank you Rhi and Rhi's's mum!
4	Thanks for the RT :)  @Lissarankin @girlj67
0	Now watchig another Cinderella story
0	Dr. Pepper freezes= life :)
4	@gonzogastronomy as a Colombian who doesn't look hispanic at all, I enjoy the same thing :) They don't expect it!
4	We'll be at Mecca Club this Friday @9pm.
0	Just finished watching the last episode of Code Geass.  Nice ending.
4	Thanks @vlynn8!! You're the best! :)
4	I am going to bed.  Good night!
4	Sitting on my front porch drinking a cup of coffee and enjoying the weather going to church later :)
0	@DonnieWahlberg Donnie facetime is coming!!! pleas do covergirl in OZ! http://bit.ly/i7cws
4	Took a nasty fall down the steps a little bit ago. Looks like I'll live but I'm kinda busted up.
0	got my report card in the ail and i passed to the 8th grade! :)
4	cant get my head around the point of this thing!!??
4	tomorrow &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Classtrip!!! XD
4	Time for coffee and to get photoshop open and to work we go!
4	http://twitpic.com/6u82c - Hahaha seagull flew down, popped unopen bag of cheetos, & pack came swarming down emptying entire bag. Awesom ...
4	packin up the rest of my stuff then moving to mainnn until july for summer classesss.
4	sigh.... somethings i just don't understand why i feel for
4	Tired rite now think I will take a nap
0	seriously loving the curious incident of the dog in the night-time.
4	@DonnieWahlberg Hey you :)  No Waffle Houses here in LA so where do you like to go hang out in the middle of the night when you're home?
4	is tired of trying to figure out seating arrangements...
4	Off to the HolteSuite today. Season ticket invitees only.
4	Watched the Pixar movie UP today with the kids. It's a great film, and continues their tradition of excellent stories. Go see it.
4	@mrskutcher People are seriously petty about Michelle and what she wears.  As if our country doesn't have worse issues.....sheesh!
0	LSL Class 102 is now free class of the week (again): http://bit.ly/14e2Fe
4	Nothing serious with the Car, back to enjoying my Day off :-))
4	elt like I was sliding and falling.
4	interesting: Twitter trending topics: http://www.flickr.com/photos/meg/3533025291
4	Woke up by the hubby's snoring again....it's too early to be awake on a Saturday morning!!!!
0	I always wait till I'm alone to watch horror flicks.. wtf is wrong with me, heh!
0	Oooh! Google Wave has been announced! http://wave.google.com #googlewave
0	pick your posion.........Barclay
4	It's Sunday hope you are all blessed with love & happiness..
0	life always throws me curve balls
4	Its a lovely weather out there, finally I can see summers going off! :)
4	cant sleep.  still getting up to go biking though. I have to force myself to sleep somehow.  brain won't turn off.
0	today officially sucks.
4	.....
0	Ok... Now I need sleep, ask for the new screen name G.N.
0	e3 looks to be verrrry big this year. *wishes he lived in CA to go to it.*
0	Green Lingo 101 - Build your wealth of knowledge! Check it out now @ http://sexyecostyle.blogspot.com
0	@ganachecouture Oh no! Sounds like we all need a quick getaway then!
4	boca park with katie today!
0	With my favorite people
4	@TwiztidKris Haha! I'm actually not sure what chapter that happens in! Looks like you'll have to listen to @xfftl8myheartx & read it all =)
4	Im up and ready for another day. Yay! =)
4	@DrewHollenbeck--LOVE YOU TONS now please get famous by tomorrow so you can go to the Tonys k thanks!
0	Is oh my goshing. Frank is still the crossing guard at state road!
0	sleep. work tomorrow morning...then off for a while..i missed the money..not the actual working part hmm..
4	@mbhulo Picture or it isn't true ;)
4	The farting preacher always gets me when I'm in a bad mood: http://twurl.nl/i5rvi1
4	cant wait to relax with my nookie
0	On to the shrimp ...  http://twitpic.com/4v5nq
0	Just finished blogging about those curtains I've been working on all week: http://audralynno.blogspot.com/2009/05/roosters.html
4	@prav101 both are gud for you!!!
0	@greggrunberg Phil Spector & Lady Ga-Ga?? AMEN!! Those two wackos deserve eachother! lol
4	@THE_REAL_SHAQ still fly!
0	Installing ESXi 4 on my old desktop. Soon I'll have a bunch of vm servers running under my desk.
0	4 wheelin, spring cleaning... now taking a break for a movie!
4	@thewolt le temps de le retrouver et je te l'envoie ^^
4	@greenFREAK33 uugh, i hate wise talk -___-
4	Getting a brand new hot tub :) its gonna be nice
0	oh come on fellas, could be 3rd woman and 1st hispanic on bench ever and you're calling HER racist and sexist, now that's just silly
4	School cookery classes - amazed at what daughter does, no wonder how youth today don't know how to cook, let alone know what's in season.
0	my tummy is rumbling... time for brekky :)
0	is being tortured
0	FINALLY!!! DODWAV came in the mail today! Its Awesome!!!
4	@Totalbiscuit Do a find\replace. Replace with a space or nothing and use the Special and then Paragraph Mark option for the find
0	is chillin with her boyyyy &lt;3
0	doing my nails :P about to go out
4	is ill again! F*&^ing hell!
0	Just got to nbc studios going to see jimmy fallon!!!
4	Nothing im just bored
4	is going to my cousin's graduation party today...oh joy. xD
0	I was just called princess by the emissions testing guy
4	day 2 of The Hangover. but i see the light. so glad it's beautiful outside.
4	@2kute2bbig WOW awesome!
4	Guitar Buffers are the Key to Effective True Bypass: Ever plug straight into your amp and be amazed at how great.. http://tinyurl.com/nb4ame
4	I want to go home
0	@maryammahmood ill prolly be back by saturday
0	Wow, I just realized I'm an idiot. Just in case you didn't know.
0	Loving the Hillsong United app for iPhone. If you don't have it... why not?!?! :)
4	was mad earlier cause it got dark while i was moving, but now it's getting light again! :B
4	@styrofoamy Coming back tonight?
4	My leg is still hurting like hell. Usually it hurts in the morning and in the evening it doesnt hurt so much
4	RT GO Elliott Yamin!!! You deserve it :) @ jeffparsons: The crowd or Elliot Yamin goes all the way up Dana St. http://yfrog.com/10t95xj
0	Watching the rain drip on my very own window grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr sun where have you gone :(
4	Erase me. Ouch.
0	Why I think the Penguins will win... http://pressboxperspective.com/
4	Getting ready to go to the zoo. Just found out might be working there in the summer!!!
0	wants to do something crazy!
0	@PeteStLeger yea its good apart from the english weather
0	haha. Twitter is over capacity. Too many tweets! Not even joking. :)
4	Think prop 8 doesn't effect you?  Think again:  http://tinyurl.com/mtxzng
4	I'm new here!!!! looking around! :)
0	At the gyn with my sis. Damm hella tiring
0	love, love, loves how you make me feel.
4	@the_bushman New header looks nice and clean. The images represent the north very well I thought.
4	.... nap.
4	@yammerer mmm....yeah............
4	@pressdog OK you're safe too resume viewing status
4	Nick Stavinoha=my brother in law= starting today for the St. Louis Cardinals! Yay Nick :)
0	Yay finally got some 2 gauges and they are in. :D
4	watchinq the chainsaw masacre!! its sooo nastyy!! =(  helpp
0	@dehJoppi Its great that u want to lear french !!   good luck !  :p
4	can't wait to see the JB's LIVE in Belgium!!!!
4	@OkieAnnie LMFAO!!
0	From @huffingtonpost : wikipedia bans scientology http://bit.ly/yUJaQ
0	My blog www.aghausman.net got page rank 3 from google. One of SEO guru @atifzain said its a first stage of worth. Thanks 4 support everone
4	Leam Neeson ia ao BA. In the movie taken!
4	Looping Lake Washington on the bicycle today. Now @ mile 40. Beautiful Seattle day!
4	is still thinking. So Masters Degree... worth it?
4	Good night twitter loves :)
0	So Got a haircut...
4	@hillarybztch gurl I be at my consultation fo a wrist tatt :D
0	i got final jeopardy right and judy didn't!!!!!!!! ah hahahahaha!!!!!
4	Stupid math quizes... =(
4	Watching a very skeeeeery storm blow in again. Feeling safe and enjoying feeling normal for first time in many days.
0	@CriminalCupcake i sent u a direct message on twitter&lt;3
4	In need of some inflatable sumo suits and bungee bouncy castle for youth event... ?????
0	@duels  where are you?  Down again? #duels
4	At least the rain stopped at #rockamring. The prodigy were awesome. - http://mobypicture.com/?mzamno
0	Why is it so hot outside? i hate it. Im ready for winter already :)
4	Grrr, school tomorrow. Only about two more full days of school left! Yayy! :) Res t is exams, then graduation and then i am FFFRRREEE! :)
4	Best lazy Sunday ever!!!!!!!!!
0	headache... :(
4	Home from a long weekend! Excited to get business on my artsy butt this week!
4	Finally tuckn n. Im gonna be dead tomorrow!
0	@trent_reznor Congrats and many more to come!. On my way to be 12 in December :)
0	RT @ITSkylineBlog: Palm Pre Review Gone Wrong-Leo Laporte vs Mike Arrington! http://bit.ly/3ErIG
0	Waiting to see where were going to for dinner.
4	RIP Bea Arthur
4	red wings are amazingg &lt;3
0	i'm lol'ing so bad on skype right now.
4	Might actually use the storm to my advantage and type in those 30 pages...
0	waaay too many movies I want to see right now. Up, Sita Sings the blues, Brother's Bloom, Sin Nombre, Anvil, Terminator Salvation.
0	Going to the Mediterranean Cookery, new restaurant... hope its good.
4	It is such a great Friday, but I have tons of work to do... In fact I will be working all weekend....
0	gettin ready to leave 4 parti yayi
0	argh hung over :(
0	And now the sinus guy un-followed me.  Too bad.  Am enjoying a couple days of internet access.  Stupid crashing computers.
4	@Brooksyonair Really?? I've not had a chance to watch - only just got back, but it's recorded and ready to go...
0	Apple and hummus for lunch. Yum
4	The end (of this miserable recession) is near! At least, that's what USA Today says:  http://tinyurl.com/kwapte
4	getting my horror dose for the week...watching Fright Night then off to work!
0	Thinks that if they have an awards seasons for acting, why can't they have a reports season for report writing?
0	listening to Brooke tell me jokes :D
0	working todayyy.. :/ bad times! listening to candy - paulo nutini :)
4	looking for internships. absolutely no limits :)
0	http://bit.ly/ZxmPk via @addthis good recipe!
4	beautiful sunny day! eating my yogurt and letting the creative juices flow :)
4	@MrTangent I'm on page 15 now. :)
0	I still think Shia Labeouf's best performance ever is in Tru Confessions. :)
4	RANDOM FACT OF THE DAY BROUGHT TO YOU BY NATASHA: One car out of every 230 made was stolen last year.
0	@tamarlevine http://twitpic.com/6tio4 - I have too many clouds in the sky to see the sun this morning :(
0	Feeling a sense of relief that I have not felt in a very very long time
4	Heja Norge!! Go Norway!
0	OMFG! I cant get past this dam level on Kingdom hearts!!!!! Urrrg
0	just got treated to an early birthday present and sushi by @JacksonBTV.
4	Feels good to finally be home
0	A runny nose and no tissue fuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkk!
4	@comealong are you coming towards charlotte at all while you're in NC??
0	Headed to see my bro one last time before we go home. Its been a blessing to see him, just wish we could take him with us!
0	and incidentally rather unfair to incorporate running into warm-up don't you think!!!
4	Too. Early. School starts in 15mins and im still in bed.
4	5:30am, no better way to start a twitter account than for work and slight curiosity. oh the wonders of social media.
0	@PlaneMad i use my phone.. N78
0	omq im still fuckinq hunqry :( dis is crazy
4	@jackie949 I totally agree!:)
0	Just gave my vote for the eu parliament. Sceptical if it will help me in any way, but been raised that you never give up your vote...
0	heading to Ft Wayne to drop the kid of with the in-laws for the week :)
4	Nice morning, went 4 a walk 2 the beach, update with an old friend had lunch :) ready 4 nap. Oh wait I almost forgot moms cannot always nap
4	can you ever negotiate on pricing with wedding photographers & videographers?
0	@maddybt yeah, and just now they tell me its been cancelled after ive been nervous all morning
0	I miss you, Mega. :( http://yfrog.com/59nmoj
4	@beckiscott i know, just popped out with the roof down hehe. i also have some marking to do so staying in to do that too. oh well :o(
0	Heading to the mall today, wish me luck!
4	@iamPaulGipson because I don't know you or anything about you. are u even interesting? lol
4	missed the mtv movie awards.... but saw dane cook. great exchange, i think. :) also just saw new moon trailer: so excited. don't judge me.
4	oh my god, i actually made it home from bay to breakers :)
4	8th day of #squarespace
4	What would i do with out delaney!? And motion city soundtrack
4	@gennababii Lmao! O! I was inma say... Tiny needs a gf big time!
4	Going to see Up! tonight.
0	@give_me_a_latte ahh!!! I'm gettin excited and nervous for you! let us know!
0	Great Wall, check!  One last day in Beijing and it's off to Suzhou!
4	RT @BreakingNews BULLETIN -- REPORTS: MISSING PLANE DISAPPEARED OFF THE BRAZILIAN COAST AND WAS CARRYING 215 PEOPLE.
4	is admiring his 145 new beautiful babies.
4	Blog post update www.,mnkradio.com
0	Good morning! Finally sun!
0	@clevercatsknit The Knit Wits sale is still today.
0	@TheFirstChibi and *cough* so are you
4	Firefly time :)
4	It's hurt you, but you love it!
0	@PrincessAngel76 thank you for telling people to follow meeee :) my hands are so cold adelaide is freezing atm x
4	OMG what a weekend.
4	why is the chanel resort 2010 so good? im not a great big chanel fan, but jesus the resort collections are always so good.
0	@mtnrunnerk Apparently I can't type....that or my brain is just fried.  It's supposed to say I guess you won't...
0	@jazzneophyte Uh, NO on a couple of those items or else this cowgirl is walking on the other side of the street when I see ya' coming! LOL!
4	101.1 houston
0	took a 'bonvertible' to work again...and why is it that they decide to use it on the coldest days?
4	According to my 4 yr old (who can't quite say the Ch sound yet), he had a good time playing games and eating pizza at Sucky Seas.
4	Everyone's headin' out to Tyler and I'm stuck doing schoolwork :-/ Oh well!
4	getting ready to go to an Indian music ensemble at UCLA, then a birthday house party, college style.  Hope I can keep up with these kids.
4	Cotabato City will be celebrating its 50th anniversary this year.
4	18 days!!!!! Just thinking about it makes me excited :)
0	Thinking of doing a pesto cream sauce for a babyshower next month. WDYT? http://bit.ly/bn7Nu via @addthis
0	lol sods to staying up for the entire of dawn im shattered bed time indeeed!
4	doing some more fun hiking again today... im feeling the nature today ... these days ...yesterday the Verdugo Hills..today Sierra Madre
0	Its too bright in my room for me to get to sleep :(
0	shaved 1,5 mins off best time cycling to work! proud, but also perturbed to be using a phrase like 'shave off' in that way
0	@LoRdSyN Damn nigga multi posts! How is your btw? What happened to her? And it's on 84th and York.
0	HUGE wedding today!!! 20+ people in the bridal party and over 350 guests. I am so glad my two assistants are helping me! :)
0	Still lovin' the #chromium browser nightly builds. Today I found out that they added the option screens!
4	RT @bradfallon Be careful - you can't change, once you register. To not get a . in name, click More  first screen. facebook.com/username
4	haha brown has the msn virus fuck that thing sucks so many people have it
0	at home taking care of my baby girl :)
4	Didn't end up being lazy today! Got the aquarium up & running, & some laundry done but its off to bed soon, alarm will be going off at 4am!
4	in the mood to watch: bye bye love, huck finn, tuck everlasting, wish upon a star, xenon:girl of the 21st century and teen witch
4	@PeterJDiLorenzo really?! this year?!
0	bin for a walk now trying to get twitter on ste's mob - not wking tho!
0	Yay Lakers won!!!
0	says plurk karma down.... :-( http://plurk.com/p/x44cv
4	Aphelion Tonight! Goth-Industrial-EBM Madness! 9-2am @ David's Place, Iowa City. $5 cover, 19 and up. Come see me spin! :)
0	is wonderign where all the nice sunny weather has gone
4	last day of school
4	@zobo77 oh wait ... i see what you did there :p ... i'm being so slowww
4	is about to start her assignment after a quick clean up =(
4	I'm ready for a crazy night like no other
0	watching jay leno say goodbye :(
4	Holy shit sqaured. 1.46 A.M. Someone shoot me!!
4	Yes! 50 Scientifically Proven Ways to Be Persuasive: http://tr.im/lC6t
0	@Kosmatos Grats to you and your wife! :)
4	@freddelm awesome, cheers man! Really loved that aa blog post as well. Noice.
4	Hate the Happy.
0	Just spent some time reading, ready to get some sleep! Doctor said I should sleep great tonight & I'm excited!!! Lovely night spent w/Jeremy
0	im so bord
4	Home inspection is todayyyyyyyyy
0	Finally, I'm packed for the most part, but I still have some add-ons that I'll do in the morning. At FIVE O' CLOCK in the morning :(
0	I need DELICIOUS eyecandy!!!!!! i like the baby einstein and frog costumes the best samantha
4	is thinking of a place to go to this weekend..
0	@LiLMagzy ummm is it november 20th yet?
4	Good morning! : ) Start of another long week...need to catch up on some of my paperwork.
0	@JMatthewFlyzik YOU WERE SOUPPOSED TO PICK ME UP FOR HAWAII SILLY! LOL.
4	has a date and is well excited about it. gosh I'm such a girl
0	-Been messing with linux on the PS3 this morning. Hoping to watch U.S. Soccer tonight on espn360.com on it. Dwnloading. To the yard!!!!!!!!!
0	hmmm...onion soup!
4	is about to paint the bathroom walls.
0	My last Sunday for a few months! =)
0	trying the relaxation music
0	@Kerry350 what brings you to mancunia today? Where about are you headed? (I live in the Manchester area)
0	In need of something fun to do today...  Suggestions?  Or anyone willing to distract me?  :)
4	Zit lekker in het zonnetje
0	is looking forward to a bit of re:order tonight! :-)
0	@smittyhalibut That's not my plane, but it's where I was parked when I tweeted
0	i've been using my mac brave new bronze lippie today. have to say i really like it and i'm very pleased i bought it!
4	@mademoiselle_c awesome day :)
4	Just made a VERY difficult origami owl.)@!!! And my throat is now sore from ALL the SCREAMING from ANGER and FRUSTRATION. Nearly did it.
0	headed to bed... good night
4	is getting really sick of this shit. i just wish things would change. :(
4	Caught up :) Full results and GC up, Team Columbia stay first in team competition 2 sec ahead of Cervelo
4	hanging out with the little munchkins & then mowing the lawn
0	I finally slept past 730am!! yay!
4	@flymockingbird You are welcome. It is always nice to have a little help. Be well.
0	soooo exhausted i need a better lifestyle lol
0	wan to hve better chances of striking the lottery? Juz ask me wat numbers i bought n den avoid those numbers. 100% accuracy!
0	70 proof firefly sweet tea liquor is a new fav..tastes like candy..one drink in and I'm buzzin hard!
4	Youth Group Tonight!  =)
4	Getting ready for another photo shoot today ... Waimanalo a.m., Lanikai p.m. :)
0	good night random twitter friends :)
0	my lost love poetry essay is driving me crazy...
4	Why does everyone leave everything to the last minute?! Yes, yes I am including myself here.  *sigh*
4	For all you Rails devs, integrate twitter oAuth in your rails application | http://tinyurl.com/ng97k7
0	@smriad @shouman It time to enjoy and do some party... what u say
0	@hobbinator Ill totally keep you posted honey. He's on IVs, they're doing bloodwork and probably pumping his tummy/giving meds. :-(
4	holy moley. think i drank too much last night.
0	@EttejNahgaem Hope you've slept well, Meagh. ;)
0	@annaresa are you gonna talk about spades all night?
0	Skating tonytee ^__^
0	I read the schedule wrong. I get out at 2 and not 4! Scoooore. Then brits kid's birthday party. Fun fun
4	is feeling really under the weather.  I don't like being sick :(
0	going to friends cottage today! excited :)
4	We had Chinese with good friends.felt good to laugh :)
0	Memories - they haunt me, taunt me, make me smile or miserable, console me and anger me, bring me to the brink of tears and have me regret..
4	RT @applespotlight: News: Today Apple released minor updates to iLife. #mac #apple
0	All my DS games, gone.
0	Good to see fed win, never thought i would miss him!
0	Is walking the fasting Casper dawg
4	On the way to KARE 11 for a @Finnegans shamrock segment on showcase minnesota. Tune in at 1045 for a live performance by the twilight hours.
4	Sometimes its the little things that make or break life
4	@ElisaRamella ...is this the one in Brussels?
4	The rain is getting crucial! =D
0	There's mcdonalds in my tummy (so yummy) also brobee is short irl
0	@3540media http://twitpic.com/68l3i - Oh my goodness!
4	listening to patrick wolfs new album. amazing x
0	Off to bed, long day of practice tomorrow.
0	20
4	Thats it. I put up with it for too long anyways.
4	It's almost time!!! http://tinyurl.com/p9twcy Wicked Sundays beginning TONIGHT! come on out! doors at 830, no cover!
0	Back to Dallas tomorrow!! =)
4	gggrrrr i promised i wasnt going to cry over this anymore...why does it feel like she hates me so much? Im her daughter for crying out loud
0	@Kimkardashian will udesign moreshirts that say TEAM KIM OR TEAM KARDASHIAN i love them!!!!!!!! xxoxoxoxo ur myidol!!
4	-Humidity...Traffic....Rude People...God, it's good to be home!!!!!
0	my lip is killing me!  i definitely didn't think it was going to hurt this bad :p cleaning and stuff around here. :)
4	TOOO BITCHY even for you. RT @spleak: @astridangeline at least u still go to uni engie.
0	Backache, horrible backache.  Think I've trapped a nerve, it's very uncomfortable.
0	@podcacher , how was your class geocache 101.  I wish you would teach one for us newbies here.  Would be worth it.
4	today i colored watched a disney movie danced sang held hands gave a piggyback ride & was VERY nice to someone & enjoyed every min of it :)
4	Looking forward to upload and share all the beautiful footage from India :)
0	I am totally in love with my man, and am so happy to be sharing this move with him.  Movers come tomorrow! Packing all day.
0	@tommcfly excelent idea xd
4	thinking about investing in melted pennies.
4	@nathanangelo ...duh.  Jump (Little Children)!! Great song :)
4	Home sweet home. G'nite!
4	@twilightsaga19 who is the real robert???
0	i wish i had the money! i hate saving money lol.
4	@foxbaltimore http://adjix.com/efz4
0	Dear Spencer, stop speaking. I can't even watch I'm (barely) a Celebrity without wanting to kill myself. -lmg
0	Missing the TV season. Catching up on shows I haven't watched before.
0	@A_BlueMidnight awwww! thats not fun... :( haha...BUT I JUST WOKE UP TOO!!! :O :D
0	Whatchin superbad :) with miranda and shannon! :)
4	EAT BANANAS!! :P
4	I'm spinning around
0	is heading out to watch Ben's game and then going for a ride...woohoo!!!
4	tweet tweet tweet. :)
4	No school-zone light blinking. Official start of summer. Awesome.
0	Oh my
4	Lots of wood floor and tile make your feet hurt. I'll get used to it :D
4	OMFG, Dane Cook 'ISolated INcident' ... LMAO... God help me, can't breathe ...
4	Starting my first day at PHA www.phassociation.org!
0	It fuckin annoying when the cashier manager's daughter gets away with fuckin everything
4	Time to get back to class.
4	This was after refusing to leave and telling me about how 'stealing is bad' and that he's wanted for murder. Nice man
0	Getting ready to drive out to Tel Aviv for Karin's shoot :)
4	Some results of weekend photo fiesta: http://www.flickr.com/photos/sandrift/
0	Another car picture for Brian. Saw this '70 Cougar while driving around. It was a father/son project.  http://twitpic.com/6ua7t
0	just got tripped over in netball :( and is going to tennis with JIMMY AND PATTY :) &lt;3
4	I'm buddy....buddy the playful giant!
0	outside cleaning the pool....so far the count is 4 dead birds, ewwwww!!!
4	Free WiFi is good at Bangalore Airport
4	@BJNemeth I hope that taste better than it looks :)
4	Russell Crowe's hair in 'State Of Play' - WTF?
0	@karisong crazy jealous of you about No Doubt.
0	Maybe I shouldn't have come home so early. A cream cheese hotdog sounds amazing right now. So does late night sushi at Umi.
4	Full day management review meeting... Sianzzzz
0	My dog pooped on the carpet. Does anyone have any cleanup tips? Ughh
4	Triskilian 'Tourdion Arabica' http://bit.ly/YKo6Z (corrected link)
4	I need another weekend. Had graduation party today. All weekend preparing for it. It was quite the busy week. God, I'm tired.
0	soooooo stressed and angrey i have a headache :(
4	Hope the weekend is going great for all you guys and gals out there ;) Gorgeous back here in Ottawa! Can't complain! Cheers! ;)
4	@Kenpotech Resistance is Futile :D
4	sister's graduation :]
0	you're awesome...
0	@shivvy wow that kanye video is gorgeous. super original. i like!
4	@dLeoneLb working hard buddy?
0	Its definitely one of those lay in bed and be lazy until work days
4	I am proud of @kpbslu06 for volunteering all night at the relay for life. Love ya Katie Bear!
0	What lies at the bottom of the sea and shivers? A nervous wreck! Oh, dear that's bad...
4	is finally moving tomorrow and won't have the interwebs for a little while! :(
4	quarter is ending soon- its crunch time!
4	Took a Sunday afternoon nap (in absence of 4:15 service)  :(  now I'm NOT sleepy...hmmm what can I clean :)
4	I feel like Mary Tyler Moore...all I need is a hat to throw in the air.  We're gonna make it after all!
4	Now I'm really going to sleep.
4	I want to make my mom to be proud of me.! :)
4	slightly burnt on the shoulders. :| cinema tonight... the hangover! :D should be good!
0	@Bad_Pitzi OMFG. Acum imi dau seama cat de high era fitza pah EA daca si acum mai sunt actuale versurile alea :)
0	Take care @elavrov and get well soon! :)
0	Ate breakfast, washed my car, took shower, gonna get oil changed. Productive Sunday I guess.
0	the end is nigh, for they are speaking of financial reports and stock prices of Hot Topic on MSNBC
0	great weather, great music, bbq and bike night tonight. praise Jesus :)
4	RT @AnnNyberg @standupkid Mark Joyella is the future. http://bit.ly/1354l0-great post for journalists &all who are inthe midst of bigchanges
4	Skipped breakfast, ran on treadmill, now hungry. After lunch- teach New Testsment  online- anyone want to join? Sorry - You have to enroll.
0	Need some help on new blog layout    http://tinyurl.com/lq6qwd
4	@tlow03 please tell me you didn't stay up all night playing spymaster
0	is chilling with Roya at NJPAC.
4	@davidneudorfer stash of porn LOL. and yes, i was in LA, but unfortunately only had time to see one sweet ass, and that was @monicavas's ass
0	slept till 1 today idk what im going to do.....
4	Kickin' it with a margarita and enjoying the Gulf breeze here in Florida ... it's my paradise
0	I Don't Like My Sleeping Family. It's Not Fair. I'm Lonely :(
0	hung out with kristin yesterday!! very fun, and alot of talking :) luvherr!!!
4	off to bed, summer starts tomorrow
0	making angus burgers what makes angus so much better???
4	@CourtCosmetics lol...its ok...so does chrissy...i make fun of her too....cause i'm totally TEAM JACOB! [but i dont have a shirt :) ]
0	So excited. Picture of me and Mary Ann on the front of the church bulletin this week. :)
0	Mmm.. Codine ;)
4	Its more of an initial style with some cleaning involved with some solid designs later.. http://www.uk-car-discount.co.uk
0	ripping out the shark hat...going to have to design one from scratch apparently :(  why do people publish error-full patterns?
4	Loving these gorgeous days! Spring water and errand run. I'll admit sometimes having a car is nice.
4	@kataragon spreading the studio400 goodness! yeah!
4	night night twitter!!! xx
4	It's June people! I can't believe it!
4	It's my last schoolnight! :)
4	Good morning, rainy day. Coffee soon.
0	sunday = studying all day :(
0	It is still raining...........i mean, where does all the water come from????? ;)
4	Today's blog is about the places I've worked and the jobs I've had.  Read about my varied career at http://bobmoran.com.
4	cuddling my baby to put him to sleep
0	Sebastien tellier absolutly amazing stuff Spotify link http://open.spotify.com/track/3gSseMvhGr7xeNKF46T7UN
4	@SwitchingGranny   LOL you are really reaching for the followers!  :)
4	@lyonsjd looking forward to the weekend too!
0	Wondering if there's a way to fit it all in without starting the day at 4.30am...
4	hmm i am hungry to eat dan's pie. :)
4	relatively quiet day..
4	Waiting in the airport. Picked up another issue of @Qmagazine (July 2009) for the flight.
4	Cold weather! Bleh! I want to sun back in the sky! :) &lt;33
4	sitting in dorm room
4	@vikkipedia... U guess? Lol &lt;mimi &lt;;)&gt;&gt;
4	Star Trek movie is still awesome the 2nd time.
4	Bout 2 Shoot my Cameo 4 @Treal_Eliseo's Upcoming Video The Good Guy w/ @Chuybe.. Check out behind the scenes http://vimeo.com/4919180
0	oh don't forget the Taylors Port and you blocked traffic  for  this shi....
0	So glad babygirl is finally home! I'm so tired, I would sleep all day if I could, but alas, work tonight.
4	Dalia... try craigslist - or Coffee News - just trying to think of free advertising
0	@thebuscemishow i dont text to twitter in nearly the same magnitude
4	What a night lol best bachelorette party ever
4	grandma over for dinner, that means baked dinner :) yumm
4	rainy days always make me think too much..
4	when u think everyhthings gone blaa well it still looks good cause now u have to wait till they go waaaa
0	@banu89 dunno...der dusnt seem to b anythin...at all!! huh blaaargh :/
4	The word EbitDA came into my head just now. -hmmm. Am I a wikipedia follower where some best intentioned people say non-expert stuff,perhaps
0	@namkosh nice! :D very innovative!
4	Sleepy ... Going to bed super soon =*= Zzzzzz
4	You can see it everywhere and feel it in your bones...Climate change is a serious problem...I'm nervous about the environment...
0	saved almost $500 on handy outdoor gear today. Woot!
4	@dustinjmcclure is the most amazing man alive!! i love him so much and am so blessed to be his wife :)
4	soooo ready for Friday!!!
0	Sad sad..boring day...
0	I need a vacation.
4	To Aaron & Felicia - May God give you strength & gd health to shower ur love and concern for ur son. I ask these through Lord our God, Amen.
4	I'm ridiculously excited about cleaning out, minimizing, and organizing all the girls' stuff. I WILL take my living room back!
4	why do guys harass their woman so much to the point they beat them? Wot cowards!!
4	My mom would have been 50 yesterday. That seems crazy to me. Then again, it seems crazy that I'm almost 30...
4	Memo to self: must schedule time to watch some other web shows.  Need to to some style and technique comparisons.
0	All nighter FTL :(
0	@i_strawberry What Unico Tee!!!!?!?!?!
4	PENGUINS WON!!!!!!!!! :D
4	is completely head-over-heels/besotted/whatever you want to call it. :)
4	@patasuncion you're going? :)
4	@crimsonnin fireworks for the lakers? haha
0	@ronniepatrick miss..miss!
0	Shinee oon me, Ohh, Shinee oon me, I wonder if the lighthouse will shine on mee (8)
0	Watching how liquid smoke is made...
0	I LOVE beautiful, sunny days!!! now off to work for the evening..toddles*
4	Everything would be easier if we were cyborgs.
4	Reading: My Oil Paintings (http://twitthis.com/us9hie)
4	sober is always better. why risk life when this is the only one we get?
4	Well, I think I am off for the night. Have to work in the morning and I'm kinda tired. Good night twitterverse :)
4	@Cindy87 not sure what you went through today, but the sun still shines and the sky is blue. ;)
4	But I know all about love already. I know precious little about kidneys ~ Aldous Huxley
4	forcing myself to go to sleep.. blah.. :|
0	@AprilLeRockStar yay for FINALLY seeing april! it had been wayyyy too long! cant wait to do something!
4	Wow..already 30 degrees warmer than 7 this am. If it goes up another 30 it will be 110! Hello June!!
0	I wish I wouldn't been there!
4	@NW_Mktg_Guy Here are some Social Media policies (from Intel to Cisco) for u to look at... compiled by @123socialmedia: http://bit.ly/muFkP
4	@envertigo Well both, of course! grin!
0	@kimvermillion pics work now :) .. looks good!
4	@PoeticDreams aww thank u hun,,,hope all is going well for u! how is Mr doin?
4	i didn't even download the file and still had a good laugh. thx! RT @ischafer Meinspace (http://www.meinspace.com). Awesome.
4	@mdozois Its feeling a little better now, i think i drank to much root beer yesterday, i think thats why it hurt. Paige's mom says hi. Lol.
0	Anyone watching The Unusuals? Great show.
4	@nsmithmorgan Last Christmas is way cooler as song  than IE6 is as  browser!! :)
4	Goodnight all. Early morning tomorrow :)
4	So damn tired and not sure why she's still at a bar and volunteered to be the designated driver.
4	Traffic non existant this morning... Bliss :)
0	Going into London to see Wicked.  Hope it is wicked!!
0	Good morning, twitters! Bright day! Hopefully it turns out really bright. :)
4	@dizprincess Don't forget the happy trees!
0	*If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me?*
4	@maudav sadly attempts at trending were crushed by Lakers win. Sigh. #breadgather
0	Be nice to me, I'm giving blood today :)
4	@Miss_Loki You can do it!  I hope you get your nicotine habit taken care of :)  I wish ya well!
4	Good nightttt twitterlandia as in the great words of @DJHydroe :D
0	chilling at home after an amazing night with amazing friends. sad boyfriend leaves in two days. better make the most of these next two days
4	Do the work you like, live the life you want. :D
4	learning for my exames :(........!
0	@megcabot Extreme excitement, my mum's book is going to be a Lifetime Christmas movie - Twelve Men of Christmas...
4	@iamdiddy it can always be worse-I just bought groceries for a pt that didn't have a single piece of food in his house-always b thankful. Xo
4	@doubleshiny there was definitely a 5am at Cribsmas :) have fun in Cannes!
0	Broken mirrors are no fun.
0	Adobe #Photoshop makes your Grandma young :-) http://tinyurl.com/kv7ot5
0	Going to bed, got to work tomorrow! cya tweeple!
0	LivingSocial's PickYour5:  http://tinyurl.com/d8292c
4	lonely in not-so-gorgeous
4	i am way too giggly right now *blush*
4	Can't sleeeeeeeep :(:(
4	good night
4	@berniedodge It'd be hard to do a full Linux/Apache/MySQL/PHP/Moodle tuning over twitter :) , I'd suggest starting with http://bit.ly/BhnUX
4	@trickyrodent Hang in there.  Though, from an attorney's perspective, I suppose I should wish you symptoms sufficient for a lawsuit.  :-P
0	someone come save me.
4	just posted about Bergson's two sources of morality and #apologies on his blog... http://emiltowner.wordpress.com
4	i am a soborke from the planet needcasha
0	@paigeepop HEY PAIGEEPOP!!!!! Gotta get your mam on here too!!! ;)
0	Just been to the theatre now i'm going to bed.. goodnight. x
0	Enjoying the sunshine for a whole 30mins.wow!wish i didn't have to work weekends.
0	is planning to scrapbook today - have WAY too much to do - got to start somewhere.
4	haven't twitted a tweet for a few days so; weekend was relaxing, and have finally started sorting thru the Egypt photo's for the scrap book
4	RT @VeronicaDLCruz:Pls hlp #Eric gt lifesvng transplnt-caughtin redtape wtg 4 Medicare#SaveEricSunday www.WeLoveEric.com http://bit.ly/P5nLJ
4	at school :/
4	In dubai and its friggin hot. 41 degrees
0	Aww, I found Dr. Cook!  She's the best vet.. I wish she was my doctor.
0	What a lovely way to spend ones evening. Fine dining, good company a few laughs and a bitta flirting.
0	latest dinner ever.. :S
4	Third test today overr :D
4	Loves @latherskincare lotions and soaps. So fresh and so clean clean.. at our store! :)
0	@kelspickinpaugh haha o ok...this thing is confusing!!! so what have you been up to?
4	RT @harris1025 and today is yom move-in of the newest member at the 923!
4	@ElkaBr http://twitpic.com/5bxh5 - ha ha ha
0	@LesElaine HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE
4	The best thing about working in south jersey is the one chipotle is just down the street from the office! #fb
4	@rubyhearts he will, soon or later he will
4	Just got back from the movies. Now reading my bible before bed. Got school in the morning. God bless! :)
4	@solangeknowles u were banging kaufleuten... nice u liked zurich. was on the lake 2 on saturday ^_^
0	@OXMUK I can imagine it'll cost 2 much, hence useless for peeps wit sky n 2 expensive 4 those who don't! :( it'd b gud if it was free tho!!
4	Some tv watchin& then I'm Off 2 bed..
0	night night fellow twiterooo's! see you in the morning
0	@JamesEYB wish I coulda had you guys sign the cd I bought @ your signing today - didn't have a ticket :(
4	I am sleepy. ;D
0	Just eated a waffel.. Haha
0	don't wanna change my mind about u . i've already decided that you belong with me :)
0	all that shit about me all the lies cant believe all the shit that you told just to ease your own soul but I'm bigger than that
4	@therooster12 what game are you guys playing tonight?
4	ahahahaahahah Does he look like a bitch? oh god i love my profile picture.
4	new photo :)
0	is moody because I didn't get a walk today... you guys suck poo...by you guys i mean my parents....
0	Lazy Sunday: cleaned up after last night's rugby bbq & did a little work in the yard but it's raining now. Time for movies & wine.
4	I think the movie Drag Me To Hell was named after the writer enrolled in my courses.
4	ps im totally obsesseddd with his bracelets!
4	Vac 25-29 May
4	Saying goodnite 2 my dogs. Sweet dreams everyone. :)
0	Going to take this one step at a time!! :(
4	@Dropsofreign Awesome! Thanks @Dropsofreign
0	In some kind of private couch VIP car gallery room watching the game. Very bizarre lol
4	Yeah. She's sunburned
0	Ready for a great Sunday nap!!
4	@EDIBLE_E  WHATS GOOD
0	Lovely meal with family last night. Beautiful lazy day today. Little bit of tan to feel healthier.
4	@missbreaa hey what do you mean you did what you had to do ? anyways how is your summmah going babeeehhh hahaha :)
4	FB RT: Carol-Lea Hulett: Feed your faith, and doubt will starve to death. -Andrew Murray.
0	good morning! I feel icky today...Indiana weather really stinks and is bad on the sinuses...:(
4	I've delayed as long as I can.  Must go to the grocery store.
0	got a payrise :)
4	@Cixpence Not that often, too bad for me ;-)
0	Follow @peterfacinelli! Go Team Carlisle!
4	dammms that was a mission through the wilderness, what to do now? ha chillinn wit homies
4	attending the CPAM (Cisco Physical Access Manager) training in Brussels. A bunch of gateways, cameras and servers on the desk ;-)
0	is writing radio scripts... just another reason you should listen to JJJ.
4	@PurpleSpryte night
4	test two (in pdf format) http://twitdoc.com/c/cxv4xm
0	....to the movies.
4	Need something relaxing for your ipod drive home?  Check out one of our spiritual talk shows.  ;)
0	COTTON SPANDEX PANTS AKA STRECHY PANTS: DOES THAT COUNT AS DEMIN OR JEANS???? i honestly don't think so but my manager begs to differ..
0	Happy mothers day. mum. Bored and a lil down.
4	hrmm, ill have to try some hair experiments. reminds me that my hair is messed up super unhealthy need a cut... BADLY. yucky disgusting ew!
0	Lost her wierd al yankovic cd :(
4	really enjoyed seeing everyone at her last aba alumni dinner. i'm moving to irvine early june!
0	Just been in the river for the first time this year - was lovely! Even got two people (Ralph and Sarah) to join me :-)
0	Today I setup a MP3 server using damn small linux and some very old hardware.  Now I have a system dedicated to playing 500GB of music. :)
4	@jlvoorheis you know it
0	http://twitpic.com/7c7wj - two of my girlss, love 'em
0	wishes she were going to see DMB at Fenway tonight!!
4	about to go school
4	@johncmayer I hate the term killed by friendly fire they might as well just be honest and say killed by their own men
0	having a slow start to the day..... no mad rush to get something done.... for a change
4	I'm listening to Postal Service.  Those times when you can swear a song is about your life.
4	@kngston ill be there! i want my birthday chai!!!
4	Morning world.  Monday again apparently. A day of mainly administration today :o(
4	my love for dark chocolate knows no bounds
4	Thanks Dale, and yea Glen Beck tweets lol...I am playing free online games today and reading news;)
0	@lmgaljo guess we missed the party
0	At my friends house hangin out
4	RT @epicbattleaxe: The motion capturing controller named NATAL will work with all XBOXs past and present.
4	haha. a heated debate. well i'll be camping all weekend...at beach fork. good times.
4	I hate when i end up in battlefield when i'm trying to get to republic from nixa. &gt;_&lt; stupid backroads
0	Finished my last day at work and ready to rock the transcription!
4	My girl Mata is here :) great weekend ahead!
4	it's been five weeks. should I requery?????????????????????
0	laughing at adam on cooking mama and watching hannah montana while he sings a long :)
4	http://twitpic.com/6f3l7 - Finally some green!
0	had a nice productive day today made a few purchases,been to ice cream parlour then pear cider yeeaaahhhh :)
0	On my way home...haven't seen this much rain since Shanghai and just as hard to get a taxi. Weird but it makes me miss China.
0	will be played on BBC Radio 2 tonight in the UK! Listen online 7:00 PM Eastern/6:00 PM Central: http://bit.ly/11ledx
0	likin the new a skylit drive stuff (via @Johnnysego). I agree
0	I'm trying to create a blog :D
0	#BSB
4	So for my WI sales tax  they will not take a check so it's EFT or pay by credit card.  So unlimited access to my money or I pay interest.
0	All sad and lonely...forgot my cell phone charger in bmore, maybe being isolated from friends will make a change...according to...
0	Porta Porta on Stanley St still has one of the best calamari dishes in town. http://twitpic.com/7fs1m #sgfood
0	@D1SC0 wow wtf happened those two days that i had off?
4	@hillandknowlton real time convos create buzz reaching masses in a flash; brands can have fun & feel closer to Oprah, Ashton, Biz & Shaq 2
0	oh great its 3:30am, i have an exam today, and i cant sleep due to my anxiety... this is just great :(
0	I AM CHELSEA TILL I DIE !
0	@the_queen_mab  go to bed. Lol
0	relaxing in me jammies with a glass of wine. Kids are asleep and Gary went out for a change. He never leaves the house past 10 anymore.
0	Im bedridden with a 100 dege fever
0	Day 1 of Tulsa down, day 2 should be better.
4	Me a zack peck are rapping 50 cent!
0	muahaha... i got the last parking space!
4	@__Alice_C__ just let me know when. I'm waiting for Em to get back.. he wasn't happy with the gift he got @Vanessa_Wolfe.
4	is uber bored and want to go see UP! =]
4	roaming around wal mart. hella sleepy -_-
4	@tuneski Don't have room for a pool, and you only ever need the one heli-pad - it is advisable to have a fence that's vertical though :)
4	YAY!!!!!! Radio Scilly video streaming back on air!!!!!Mr Jones, we are so thrilled to see you!! xx
0	doesn't like purple much.
0	@nbillington - I heart you.
0	@phoenixphartsy oh HUSH. goodnite :-)
4	@WriterSooz Right, what's with this need to polish the rough edges?
4	Going to bed. Call me if you need me Melinda. =) Maybe we can hang tomorrow? & if your step dad says no , idc we will hang anyways. &lt;3 Bye!
0	Ok, it's only been two days since my knee surgery and I'm already going stir crazy!  :(
0	Im frying here in Moscow! Tooo warm and I'm toooo pale!
4	@yawhmeow wiiihhhh, ada ayawh. .  exis bgt dah! hahaha
4	@aquapisces85 Well done!! It's time to practice for your A.Mus.A $$$ yah!! :)) *grin*
4	I will miss @katiegirlnyc while she is in OH for one more night. :(
4	Google shows off Wave's potential for online collaboration and communication. http://bit.ly/1ZSR23
0	http://twitpic.com/69hmf - Use your 15 minute break wisely! I was supposed to take this one last year...
4	AP Econ, AP Bio, AP Chem (times two), AP Physics, AP Calc, AP English, and Physiology next year.  FML.
4	At WCEA Retirement dinner coughin like I'm gonna die.  Always when I have a speech.  LMAO
4	eck last night...was just hectic and emotional. never again...  &gt;.&lt;
0	@lilyroseallen ENJOY!!!
4	Taxi driver does not know where surry hills is fark
4	@yuvalk it's my road fixie - the fixed mtb is hardly used, i didn't like it :(
0	Google Earth is so COOL! how does Microsoft Virtual Earth stand up to it? i don't have it
0	Pretty much just me and Hugh Laurie today. Sounds good to me.
4	@salConigliaro We're staying at the Hotel Dakota, but you'll probably find us at Cafe Royale's
0	we have baby birds in a nest in our back yard. :)  How fun!! :):)
4	1 week until new iPhone is announced. Can't wait!!
4	Going to the pool txt me!
4	Cleaning out the garage today!  What fun :)
4	@reba Sounds like my day.  Lol!  Have fun! :)
4	@Cali_Diva thank u so much :) im so excited :D
0	Im a pc and im 8 and a half years old :)
4	dad likes daughtry..and nickelback...and 3 doors down :[
4	coughing...having a Halls Natural Mountain Berry Menthol cough drop, it's good with honey center!!!
4	MUST go to bed now!!! :
4	@TeodoraGesheva i know i can always count on u! morpheus is calling. got an important meeting with a grande boss tomorrow! cya kseno! :)
4	@Maverick_AC We are leaving home at 6am tomorrow morning!! so excited!! :)
0	@yootheme Hi Guy's, do you support, or will you be supporting 'File Uploads' with the 'Zoo Application'?  Thanx...
4	@shelly6273 God mine too!  Who needs 300 cals worth of salady stuff when you can have the same in biccies and choc!
0	Just got home & is finally chilling for the first time today.
0	That linux box was not supposed to be turned off.... why is umount and agetty missing.. and why didn't var mount... uhhh
0	yea the movie is going to be sick.
4	napping baby and husband...maybe i should go for a walk...
4	Tell me what you thought about when you were gone and so alone. The worst is over. You can have the best of me.
4	@JustJodieSays , im rex. im new to this twitter thingy, i saw you on myspace and i was wondering if you can show me some stuff about twitter
0	tgif xoxox
0	Around the campfire! I love summer
0	wedding time!
4	@narrowcurves I was pretty good at that this morning too... but I was only saved by the short commute to my office ;)
4	wondering why im still awake... o_O
4	@joeymcintyre recap: Simmer, suck, nectar, & joement ??? :) lol
4	RT @VentureBeat: Government 2.0: Facebook, YouTube, Twitter http://tinyurl.com/lfxryk @Startup2Startup @sacca @sdgrove11 @randizuckerberg
4	Hectic 5days comes to end after guests from India return back this afternoon. Phew lit to catch up
4	let's hear it for america's suiteheartsssss.
0	Just got bad news X getin married 2 a man look-a-like!! So hurt :(
0	Thanks! Yup, I did before, during, and now I'll do afters when its all done in like Sept. Or October!
0	@melindaheavey truth. I honestly don't remember the last time I was this sad to leave.
4	@RatatoskKen yay!
0	I'm about to pass out. Good night tweetplys :) #squarespace
0	Early at the beach today!  Then heading to north shore . . .
4	I had that problem with mine too a while ago but i just let it go and later that day it showed up
4	wonders how sis is doing.
0	It's gonna be another nice day today!  I need to try to keep the house cool so we don't have to keep the windows & doors open untill 11 pm!
4	@mileycyrus why have to stay up till 1am? Just wonderin! I have YET TO FALL ASLEEP, HATE INSOMNIA...........
4	now this http://siltanen.org/siltanen.nfo  is a retro site for a club/bar
4	@feliciaday That is one of the funniest things I've read today, no idea why.
4	@micahcr I will definitely be praying that it just keeps decreasing in size and doctors be baffled by God once again in Jesus name.
4	I had my birthmark removed next to my collarbone. It hurts a bit but nothing too bad.
0	Has falled deeply in love with dead flowers from miranda lambert! Beautiful!
0	@rtuck Absolutely!  Rawr!
0	just got back from a walk. trying to do 4 laps around miller-showers now. it's wearing me out!
0	there's a ginger in my backyard shooting up the kids with a gun! HEELPPPP
4	If posh birds can have ponys i can damn well have a donkey!!
4	I love having dirt under my fingernails in the Spring! More green everyday - yipee !
0	french open!!!
0	buzzin' like the delivery man
4	headed to the pool for some relaxation and some color :)
0	@vj_bhatia hey vijay , clear case of too much cricket for the guys....
0	I feel like I just had the devil's firey dick up my ass- @jrdrum after eating/pooping a hot ass fajita
0	hanging with my best friendd.
4	Velvet Margarita then Heist. Join me!
4	i need ENERGY guys!!!
0	Debating on if I should get a massage today or not.....
4	toyota service centre .. 2 hours or so nak join?
0	@tokiohotelusa nobody beats Tokio Hotel fans :D  TH won !!!!!!!! :)
0	Like the photo of the chocolate tart? More here: http://tinyurl.com/kkjqvu
4	http://twitpic.com/6fbfy   As the Rush Comes
4	Giving a concert this afternoon in Hampstead, then going out for a birthday dinner with my other half.  Happy birthday me!!  :)
4	@BakeMeUpLA anything! but I can't go outside to make it to a bakery, its all stormy here :(
0	My Daily Twittascope - http://bit.ly/c8wiN
4	En los Sanborns venden un modelo exclusivo de apple http://yfrog.com/5cjq6j
4	@mattholm congrats on #Babymouse no. 12
4	wants to go out.
0	goodnight!!!!!! http://tinyurl.com/nj4t9u
4	Influenza is now in Japan, 42 confirmed cases in Osaka region, schools are closed, masks are outsold; my business trip to Kobe is postponed.
4	Is surprising as the inspiration comes at any time.Yesterday at 2 a.m.the inspiration I come to my and I could not avoid write a soong :)
0	My Daily Twittascope - http://bit.ly/2fwsp
4	Wow, so dispatch got fed up, FINALLY back to our own area :)
0	New blog post: 15 new mosquito bites! http://bit.ly/1B8Ezv
4	treadmill beckons. i feel so fat. just gorged on half a pack of caramel boat tarts. eek. too lazy to get on the tmill though :(
4	still aching after yesterday's full day --  the 2 new D90's work together well. The new belt system frm Think Tank oso..makes me looks cool
4	@sarasojaded welcome home :) had a long day?
0	Just got back from Tampa. Off course I took IOnger cuz I couldn't leave without stopping at the Colombian restaurant :p
4	Just getting to grips with this thing called Twitter... :S
0	is excited to get her new phone!! :)
0	classes was postponed..got another week before classes really starts..weeeh!!! ^_^
0	My Daily Twittascope - http://bit.ly/HwGmc
4	http://tr.im/n3Hv = Interesting.
0	This is not how i planned to spend my afternoon. :(
0	says notify me when Google Wave is ready
0	Barcelona won the CL finals. Does anyone know who the other team was ? Seemed like some high school team.
4	I'm still trying to fathom how Nadal lost at the French Open. but hey you win some and lose some. even the best fall sometimes.
0	is wishing things better.. I want to be happy..
4	It was cool that I was up early enough to see the rain coming down on my conservatory with the sun rising way off in the horizon.  Fab!
4	RT @cscottnet #googlewave Google Wave is the future of OLPC's collaborative vision. http://bit.ly/iwqNw
0	@adrianvender don't worry, it's only a teeny tiny bit bad. at the top of the third and it's still 10-0. 2.5 innings & game will be called.
0	@jvcallahan12 michael and the girls have but I haven't yet. I'm totally looking forward to all of us chill'n at the pool together many t ...
0	Getting ready for the Tax Returns season ahead.
0	Gettin ready to clean this Junk Yard room of mine, I'm too much of a packrat I nvr throw away shit. I have so many clothes that I dont wear
4	...but in the end... it's HOT!!!
0	Walking behind a guy who has d.a.n.c.e playing in his head... I hope
4	goodnight
0	@rpazjr we didn't catch them yet. But we will
0	can't wait for tomorrow!
0	@100MonkeysMusic do you need a word? Have a couple for you hit me back. &lt;3
0	Wie staat er toch in het voorprogramma van MarcBroussard op 27 juni?
4	@MegaOrtega You showed me the wonders of HIMYM, I show you the wonders of The Bachelor(ette) :)
